1023
ac4f google true true
gnth ac4f true true
8z0 google false true
csim ac4f true false
4fsj google true true
642j google false true
hoor 4fsj true true
57de ac4f true false
3hac 8z0 true true
130x 8z0 false false
lhl csim true true
1zhm ac4f true true
57bv hoor true true
eod8 ac4f true false
31hi hoor true false
bngd 130x true true
69tv hoor false false
1mfa gnth true true
39cp hoor true false
71fb ac4f false false
hbss 642j false false
19h9 ac4f false true
dhad 57bv true true
a2z0 ac4f true false
37so 4fsj true false
k2qd 8z0 true true
cq7c hoor true true
k933 ac4f false false
k04v csim false false
6rdb gnth false false
3fne hoor true false
9b9g ac4f true false
4wsx csim true false
c2wq 31hi false false
fxmf ac4f true false
bjze csim false false
elwf ac4f false true
7x9z 8z0 false true
719a csim false true
i6dq 57de true false
iq4e gnth false false
e3lb gnth false true
4649 ac4f true true
1zkb 8z0 false false
3p8h csim false false
9z6v 57de false true
fust 8z0 true false
fe40 ac4f true false
3iwo eod8 false true
fzmr gnth true false
aru0 dhad true true
i730 ac4f true true
2v85 4fsj false false
dz4i 3hac true true
fe97 gnth true true
bxb8 3hac true false
2smu 642j true false
7gf2 4fsj false false
g0ci gnth false false
8f0h 8z0 false true
jmdj 57bv false true
6ass 4fsj true true
a9g8 ac4f false true
2sa3 csim false true
6w9f 8z0 true true
4kfo lhl false false
jatw k04v true false
i22q 3hac true false
bzv gnth false true
h1hw lhl false true
9aco ac4f false false
22tn hoor false true
e3g4 csim false true
3mtr 4fsj true false
ji7v hoor true true
czu4 ac4f false false
kfwh gnth true false
gpoy csim true false
9aiy gnth false false
1gwb 4fsj true false
hav5 8z0 false true
gg5a gnth false true
biv1 ac4f false false
eym 642j true true
imsl 37so false false
5y5 ac4f false false
73go hoor false false
ep5q csim true true
aaps gnth false true
ftes 4fsj false false
37wd ac4f false true
15ui ac4f false false
1n5d 3hac true false
dhti csim false false
h76n 4fsj true true
ik89 ac4f false true
3r34 8z0 false false
8hr lhl true false
2am8 ac4f false false
crv 642j false true
39u1 gnth true false
c06u 4fsj false false
hfc8 gnth true true
2bb9 57bv true false
7pl3 ac4f true true
4tk8 csim true true
5btn eod8 true true
bard ac4f true false
iofo 57de true false
ge7j 57de true false
f14s 57de true true
cmtg ac4f true true
ibox ac4f true false
dc05 8z0 false true
7nkn 8z0 true true
jn2j 8z0 false false
4bh2 lhl true true
efo7 lhl true false
kbqs eod8 true true
d6ku ac4f false true
dubb 642j false true
c6zn ac4f false true
6w81 ac4f false true
k96k 57de true true
d2ck 8z0 true true
lf2j 4fsj false true
j1sw bngd false true
g7in 8z0 false true
gkdt ac4f true true
fz4t ac4f false false
k6nk 57de false false
eumd ac4f true false
glg1 8z0 false false
1sa7 130x true true
fe0l 4fsj false false
255x 130x true true
hzrf 3hac false false
dekx csim false true
gmyt 642j true true
7mmg 8z0 true true
6pf0 4fsj true false
l896 8z0 true false
3l4p eod8 true true
f304 57de false true
ab3y ac4f false true
gn0d gnth false false
hiyv csim true false
5wcl 8z0 false true
k2a 130x false true
grth gnth false true
3wut csim false true
9pjf 642j false false
1rw4 ac4f false false
9w36 130x true false
8m4 csim true true
hr5f ac4f true true
82ky ac4f false true
ajmz 8z0 true false
ftv8 4fsj false true
du45 1mfa false false
62se gnth false true
dq61 gnth true true
ghlx ac4f false false
leob hoor true true
iuap gnth false false
f8ks gnth false true
1ykd gnth false true
f5gh csim true false
jmmp 130x false true
l29a ac4f true true
heg5 gnth false false
6sie 642j false true
brhu ac4f false true
bkbv 4fsj true false
80to csim true true
eb6f 57de true false
bzfr 8z0 false true
3db9 8z0 false false
7rfv csim true true
gxzb csim true true
g7d 1zhm false false
8t5c 642j false true
ldw6 ac4f true false
31qj ac4f true false
ho3z 642j true false
jfq7 ac4f false false
5s1w 1mfa true false
iad3 ac4f false false
5eat gnth false true
ait5 8z0 false true
en27 gnth true false
1cf9 57de false false
906s gnth false false
ifpd 642j true true
2nvw csim false true
k9fg 8z0 true false
co7j 57de false false
cjt6 ac4f true true
gbl9 642j false false
f2rf gnth false false
xmi 19h9 false false
hq2f csim true false
gcrb 642j false false
fwj8 37so true true
3izh ac4f false true
5kvh 8z0 true true
kq64 eod8 true true
gghh gnth true false
4rf5 4fsj false true
8xlx gnth true false
3v0b ac4f false false
ba9k 4fsj false false
bhj gnth false true
2h9l 57de false true
guuy 57de true true
dhxa 57de false false
i2o8 hoor false true
2tfh 3hac false false
b6hn 3hac false false
hocf csim true false
a47m ac4f false false
6nbz bngd false true
d6fj 8z0 true true
dgye 57de false false
qcs eod8 true true
dojj 642j false false
ievz 3hac false false
chwq 57de false true
kgda 642j false false
hevr 642j true false
5mxx hoor false true
ei6b gnth true false
irlf gnth true false
kvwe lhl false true
jhqj csim false false
btr3 csim true false
b80z 4fsj false true
fzpf csim true true
gkxr ac4f false true
892o 8z0 true false
h7b3 gnth true false
32mz 4fsj false false
bnll 57bv false false
9eyv gnth true true
gan4 hoor true true
edz5 ac4f false false
3sfi lhl false true
73b0 8z0 false true
21w5 ac4f true true
19yi 57de false false
8dhh 57bv false true
42l gnth false false
fd5p 642j true false
gsv5 gnth false true
cvjq ac4f false true
f3ug lhl true false
f066 hoor false true
1q3t ac4f false false
1q28 gnth false false
7bcs 4fsj true false
e34y 57de false false
7c0l 130x false true
g7w7 dhad false false
ld0m gnth true false
btb8 8z0 true false
9xs4 71fb true false
1al1 ac4f true true
23y1 ac4f false true
fxsx 1zhm true false
jj47 ac4f false false
eldp bngd false false
i3oc csim false false
f66d 8z0 false true
46vf gnth false true
bm8x ac4f true true
b0qn 8z0 true false
bnfj gnth false false
45ve gnth false false
1v6s gnth false false
63ln 642j true true
6vtu csim true true
7mj2 642j true true
korh csim false true
i9wb 4fsj true true
fyrw 4fsj true false
fv2h 130x false true
ff6n ac4f true false
9f8n 57de true true
flpf csim true false
4jw5 ac4f true false
7lew csim false false
got8 ac4f true false
4kai 4fsj true false
dwhg gnth false true
jrrs gnth true true
i0po gnth false false
fziw gnth true false
4ht5 69tv false false
i272 ac4f false true
do5z gnth false true
2jey ac4f true true
cwkr ac4f true false
2smf 642j false false
jtty ac4f true false
30vw gnth false true
adma 4fsj false true
8m5w 642j true false
4nir ac4f true false
2l04 ac4f false false
243p 8z0 false true
9me4 hoor false false
d1cp 642j false false
g8wt csim false true
f686 8z0 true true
7d0b ac4f true true
gmdj ac4f true true
7zp6 ac4f false false
iz5l ac4f true true
izjj gnth true false
l7g2 6rdb true true
93gg ac4f true true
l8bb 8z0 false true
9trz ac4f false true
h4oj 57bv true true
1ihq 57de false true
5sjb 4fsj false false
1j5l csim false true
b7o0 ac4f false false
efnq 8z0 true false
ep7r 4fsj true true
g5bh ac4f true false
5eb8 ac4f true false
6h50 csim true true
5vhk 57de true false
htsa hoor true false
jbe3 130x true false
4eos 57de false true
2wrv gnth false true
jopk csim false false
e1lw gnth false true
6vpo 4fsj false true
dwgq ac4f false true
3186 4fsj false true
fkzk a2z0 false true
hq5m gnth false true
43qq ac4f true false
i6hg ac4f true false
cpv1 8z0 false true
ixrm 642j true false
f0l3 57de false false
kt9o 57de false true
m5z 8z0 true false
gg4i 4fsj true true
7bkc 8z0 false false
eorz ac4f true false
bok8 8z0 true false
43pa 71fb true true
am5r ac4f true false
jqm6 ac4f false false
g28f hoor true false
d1tc 642j false true
9i4v 57bv true true
7ztl 8z0 true false
f1gm 3hac true true
8bqz lhl false true
cjrh csim false false
jeb4 130x false false
eydb 4fsj false false
bzwn ac4f true true
d9ff gnth false true
d0gp 4fsj true true
g6ad gnth false false
9hk3 8z0 true false
67om ac4f true false
3oir 3hac true true
9n4c ac4f false false
jrpj 57de false true
2vlx gnth false false
upr 642j true false
6kq5 8z0 true false
gq66 3hac false true
417i 37so true false
7tk6 69tv false false
6pxz 8z0 true true
kqqc eod8 false false
k5gh dhad false false
41uo 4fsj true true
ogq 4fsj true false
dabc csim true false
a6ke 642j false false
kmlk 3hac false false
17ge csim true false
h7h4 4fsj false false
atfu gnth false true
1iuy hoor true true
k8sw ac4f true false
gawj csim true false
28dp gnth false false
qg9 8z0 false true
75g4 a2z0 true false
hjbe 57de false true
b3sg ac4f true false
kd6e eod8 false true
dlp ac4f true false
87oq csim false false
euqc csim true false
3l6x 642j false false
5b6i 57de true false
g695 1zhm true true
1823 hoor false false
h619 ac4f true false
dj7b ac4f false false
gh2y gnth true true
27d4 a2z0 true true
48az ac4f true true
bwbq ac4f false false
8a5h 8z0 true true
de66 hoor false true
ac8s hoor false false
tpu csim false false
cubd hoor false false
5fmk ac4f true true
40vt hoor false true
ks0q 642j true false
6t5p hoor true false
8tcu ac4f true false
l8ke csim true true
hxmt 4fsj false true
fog7 gnth true false
884o ac4f true true
8yen 4fsj true false
dyvl ac4f false true
2tm4 ac4f true true
5txl ac4f false false
ikz6 57de true false
e1gs 57de true true
ctob 37so true false
6dk1 1mfa true true
h6ai ac4f false false
dj6d 8z0 true true
6h0g 642j true false
ejub hoor false false
2leg lhl false true
xjr hoor false false
ms 642j false false
79iy 3hac false true
6ry5 gnth true true
hq2y hoor false true
24yf gnth false true
f0f1 csim false true
19dh 8z0 false false
i7c1 gnth true true
8cvk gnth true true
jjno 8z0 true false
l88p gnth false true
wyx 8z0 true true
kcp8 642j false true
9us9 csim true false
jnbt gnth true true
321t gnth true true
j1nd gnth true true
8ax0 gnth true true
7gcv ac4f true false
gdaq ac4f true false
i0g7 ac4f false false
a54b ac4f false true
7q00 8z0 true true
bat0 csim false false
3te0 4fsj true false
hb9l gnth true true
fwie csim false true
fgaw 8z0 true false
xdj bngd false true
6j4g 57de false false
fh8x lhl true false
cejf ac4f true true
fqzz ac4f false false
htu1 8z0 false true
kyfm ac4f true false
h3ez gnth true true
1oj8 ac4f true true
dz6b hoor false true
3tl6 gnth false true
92ik hoor true false
6hx9 ac4f false false
6mqu csim true true
2z4n 8z0 false true
59bk ac4f false true
736w 57bv true true
bfr1 57de true false
gnc0 8z0 true true
ad6x 57de false true
ei66 gnth false false
4f3w 8z0 false false
944e 8z0 false true
7vdq eod8 true false
a0sp gnth false true
12fy ac4f true false
3mx0 57de true false
5qkf gnth true true
kohm ac4f false false
b2xa ac4f true false
79dm gnth true false
iok5 57bv false true
7rab ac4f true false
kaov 642j false true
e43n gnth true true
7led ac4f false true
a64m 8z0 true true
4vdb gnth true false
726z bngd false false
4iob 57de true true
9abm 71fb true true
3mta 3hac false true
hmz3 3hac true true
ef3z hoor true false
4lok 3hac true true
j8ub 57de false true
iuz9 8z0 false true
bzdv 8z0 true false
7h6b 4fsj true true
isxs ac4f false true
d02n hoor false false
9mm3 8z0 true false
8r7f gnth false true
dmqm 31hi false false
is40 4fsj false false
az3z 8z0 false true
8vfm csim true true
fv5l gnth false true
did8 8z0 false false
3b2f ac4f true false
2c3y 8z0 true true
7mmb gnth false true
l9qn 4fsj false true
f3nu 57de false false
e92r 1zhm true false
fded ac4f true false
6eq0 csim true true
4v1y 31hi false true
g2rl 4fsj true true
gsx0 gnth true false
77lq 642j true false
1ehf ac4f true false
fexz 57de false false
c7rq ac4f false false
ilq9 csim false false
3svv gnth true false
j9qk gnth true false
9nmx csim false true
7n7c 642j false false
eukb 3hac false false
7knt csim true false
c3n4 ac4f false true
6kh7 ac4f true false
2yl1 3hac true true
k4le gnth false false
345f csim true false
3gmr 8z0 false true
2nf9 57de false true
flwz csim false false
4dte csim false false
fk3l hoor true true
eddo 8z0 true false
3t35 642j false true
jc8v 1zhm true true
1woh 8z0 true false
8pu ac4f false true
3kx5 ac4f false false
5mwm hoor true false
as7q ac4f false false
bwy5 gnth false false
gmz1 ac4f false true
8n1c 4fsj true true
30wh ac4f true false
ze ac4f false true
b75e gnth true true
h6oi csim false true
f6rq csim true false
8z9u ac4f true false
hxbm gnth true true
885 gnth true false
3se8 ac4f true false
7pll gnth true false
7qih gnth false true
kvo0 8z0 true true
6x5f 57de true true
aynf gnth false false
8v2a 3hac false false
c6sy 1zhm false true
ba7j dhad false true
9r0t 8z0 true false
2l3j 8z0 true true
8js0 ac4f true true
12tk hoor true false
dtl7 csim false true
elz5 gnth false true
grlp gnth true false
6hae 57de true true
fo3c 57de false false
88xb hoor false true
jbsh 8z0 false true
jm0w ac4f false false
jx89 ac4f false false
hj6i lhl false true
9fce gnth true false
b4vz eod8 true true
542g hoor false false
41xc ac4f true false
cg6z 57bv true true
bx3l 4fsj true false
ggc8 gnth true false
ix3o 57de false true
7d9d ac4f false false
e3jc ac4f false true
5h8d bngd true false
7nr0 gnth true true
9n61 gnth true false
g2ww ac4f false true
658x gnth false false
e3l9 hoor true true
26b9 ac4f true false
2r1s 642j true false
bx3w 31hi false false
jhev gnth true false
fpv6 ac4f false true
lb1m ac4f true true
ij8 ac4f true true
jscw ac4f false true
9md gnth false false
55tq csim true false
k5fw gnth false false
dvpb gnth false false
4ygb 57de true false
laiu 4fsj true false
6el9 ac4f true false
7nno 4fsj true false
c6b4 642j false false
357p 8z0 true false
f2yb a2z0 true true
drsm ac4f false false
3vfa 8z0 true true
5kqi k2qd true false
gyd k933 false false
5nwk hoor true true
7pxb gnth false false
3rkh 130x false false
gooo ac4f false true
8d9 57bv true true
1u04 csim true true
h282 8z0 true true
4pf1 gnth true true
foa7 hoor false false
93ie ac4f false false
imd 4fsj false false
381s csim true true
cs3e 8z0 true true
7sh7 csim false false
dm8b 57bv false true
ld4x hoor false false
3hpg ac4f true true
4cow 8z0 true false
hzsu 130x false true
4vp1 57de false false
8c79 642j true false
id4f ac4f true true
3c9v gnth true true
ii39 4fsj false false
a8fm 69tv true true
a8u4 gnth false false
i6h1 lhl true true
bnpl ac4f true false
ajh2 hoor false true
58g2 642j false false
gzie csim true false
2cpb 130x false true
71vj 642j false true
9lse csim false false
cssr csim false true
idoz 4fsj false false
17hh gnth false false
kupo ac4f true false
a6ql ac4f true true
iw4s ac4f false false
140v csim true false
hy4c hoor false false
5p8v 642j true true
7vo 8z0 true false
3t5s ac4f false false
gn6l ac4f false true
km2 gnth false false
23va ac4f true true
2q6t dhad false false
gevj gnth false false
caaz 8z0 true false
126r 3hac true true
cgrq bngd true false
ba3b hoor true false
d2bb ac4f true true
54c1 ac4f false false
4f03 ac4f false true
8nz5 ac4f true false
jt0e ac4f false false
j9yn 4fsj true false
dw0 3hac true false
5yx8 8z0 false true
5lqn ac4f false true
d0hy gnth false true
ebuj ac4f true true
29ii lhl false true
64yk 8z0 true false
k9s6 hoor true false
h5ne hoor true true
84vx 4fsj false false
adw6 gnth false false
2v7c ac4f true false
6nf3 8z0 false true
6y78 lhl true false
3fp1 642j false false
colx 57de true false
gos6 csim true true
g77q 130x true false
b85w gnth true false
gbuo ac4f false true
chi3 lhl false true
3rkn 4fsj true true
jsj4 4fsj false true
3qx1 gnth false false
3rpb 8z0 false true
f5mm hoor true true
ejfq gnth false false
iv80 31hi false true
htv2 642j true true
kwh7 8z0 true true
3p0y 642j false true
kj6z 8z0 false false
bc89 gnth false true
j0oq 57de true true
7b81 ac4f false false
7m4g 3hac true false
j9dj ac4f true true
aaec 1zhm true false
hobm 57de true false
l8dp csim false false
9m37 gnth true true
19ui gnth false false
gb6a 4fsj false true
4572 3hac false true
8rkt 4fsj false true
8abc hoor false false
cnnz gnth false false
8kyw ac4f true true
68gb 8z0 true false
4cfb ac4f false false
opc 8z0 false false
8h4d ac4f true false
9jpf csim false false
6wgk hoor true true
dwlh gnth false false
agjy hoor true false
ka2t ac4f true true
hihu ac4f false false
lf8l gnth true false
af8h csim true true
ift8 4fsj false false
kfh8 4fsj true true
fit8 57de false true
hdxb 3hac true true
3bun 642j false false
4ruy 8z0 true false
i12c ac4f true false
6n9h 642j false false
gk6w gnth true true
2wn6 gnth true true
5tb1 4fsj true false
55kk gnth false false
1tej 4fsj true false
5reo 8z0 false true
i5kq gnth false true
gdd1 ac4f true false
kb38 ac4f true true
177j csim false false
5xjr ac4f false false
1v7z lhl true true
94j7 gnth true false
98ee 4fsj true false
dx14 gnth true true
5cst lhl true true
55qw lhl true false
c0l4 eod8 false true
8ust ac4f false false
1d5q 642j true true
d9ln 8z0 false true
10ix ac4f true false
cvsd 69tv false false
jhmj ac4f true true
7hpk ac4f true true
afa2 ac4f true true
gq1i 8z0 false false
edef 130x true true
65mf gnth false true
d13r 642j false false
d8ft gnth true true
eb4j gnth true false
h1wg gnth true false
6ywh gnth false false
gpcf 8z0 false false
3ahl 130x true false
15j9 gnth true true
58ev hoor true false
k4pt 19h9 true false
jm91 4fsj false true
58d6 4fsj false false
jjyi gnth false true
fzhr csim false false
hhv7 gnth false false
3m1p 4fsj true true
9hqr 642j true true
ehqb ac4f true false
fnej ac4f true true
9f11 eod8 false false
fcq6 8z0 false false
8m3a gnth false true
bx6q 130x true false
gfp2 lhl false true
lbf8 bngd false false
2r4d csim true true
kd33 ac4f true false
aw7 csim false true
55fm lhl false true
ckpj gnth false false
e7bx gnth false false
hg6v ac4f true false
k63t ac4f true true
eem0 gnth false true
9lms 642j true true
b1vr ac4f true true
5klf 1zhm false true
96nj gnth true false
3ngo 8z0 true false
a5ob gnth true false
7dty csim false false
cxqa 8z0 false true
c40f ac4f true false
60e6 csim false false
8kd6 ac4f true false
abla ac4f false false
ghhf gnth true false
jjrw ac4f false true
j2b3 hoor true false
byw3 gnth false false
4ff2 ac4f true true
2mw2 ac4f false false
iuw dhad false false
gw22 lhl false true
69xw 3hac true true
e4bz 1mfa false false
2ff ac4f false false
k9q ac4f true false
kddc hbss true false
5m12 csim true false
50ji 8z0 false true
de76 8z0 false true
9o4r ac4f true false
477p 3hac true true
cvye gnth true false
89ku 8z0 true false
gsfd 57de true false
ke06 ac4f false true
cgg1 ac4f false false
6ea1 ac4f false false
6v5a 642j true false
9ifu csim false false
d25d ac4f true false
a229 gnth false true
ju2h 4fsj true false
277t 642j false true
d3fr ac4f false false
i2jo 3hac false true
l1ip ac4f true false
84d3 csim false true
ijdd 4fsj true false
aba 57de false false
jtv6 hoor false true
6x3l csim true true
6399 57de false true
ebig ac4f true false
6kj9 lhl true false
85zg 3hac true false
3rg2 lhl true true
j5ez 8z0 true false
6yti ac4f false false
jhb9 csim true false
dlyj 4fsj false true
40od 57de true false
ak2 ac4f true false
kar2 gnth false false
ezq1 130x true true
3ige 4fsj false false
fgk3 4fsj false false
93mi csim true true
fny4 gnth false false
d4j1 ac4f false true
7c1u gnth true true
j6fr ac4f true false
2ge0 ac4f true true
kror 71fb false true
fc68 gnth false true
6hw9 ac4f false true
7262 1zhm true false
81xd 3hac true false
2wbp ac4f true false
x9q 8z0 true false
eap3 gnth true true
jsfc 8z0 false true
kpjw ac4f true false
1oj7 8z0 false true
83fp 31hi false false
beao 8z0 true false
6qlr hoor false false
62hm 3hac true true
w6g hoor false true
1tbi gnth true true
aghp ac4f true false
1la7 csim false true
gw27 csim false true
4e2d 4fsj false true
20sj ac4f true true
17n3 ac4f true false
f947 8z0 true false
29qw hoor true false
byx7 gnth true false
4bst ac4f false false
1f00 gnth true false
6d7z 3hac false true
7okl ac4f false true
85iz csim false false
krig 4fsj true false
elw6 csim false true
fa86 gnth true true
3q3r bngd false true
d96c gnth true false
a9ng 4fsj true true
6htk 4fsj true false
gkca 4fsj false true
ceef gnth true false
idmm 1zhm false false
ctyj 642j true false
ldlg 4fsj true false
e2ba 130x false true
irsm csim true true
2275 ac4f true true
cjdm 8z0 true true
bkte 8z0 true true
c5u9 hoor true true
9hub 8z0 false true
2swq 4fsj false false
9ir5 4fsj true true
hjl5 642j false true
1tbd 3hac false true
k0uq hoor false false
jeun 642j false true
grud 642j true false
9i3y 642j false true
kgmi csim false true
4un1 gnth true true
dztr gnth false true
l740 gnth false true
aijg 8z0 false false
6k1 642j false false
6s1x 8z0 false false
ccd6 ac4f true false
8job 1zhm true false
i3cv 8z0 true false
a3bu gnth false true
h0gy ac4f true false
52k8 csim false true
2wgy 130x false false
efs6 gnth false true
d6s 4fsj true false
efaz ac4f false true
gbip csim false false
8e7v gnth false true
41mi csim false true
6hh0 4fsj false false
ax5r 57de false false
4s87 ac4f false false
d0xh 57bv true true
7fqj gnth true false
jcwm lhl false false
fe02 57bv false false
jclz 642j true false
6cuj 8z0 false true
4r6q gnth false true
510x lhl true false
3mqv 1zhm false true
21xt hoor false false
aytw 31hi true false
iqa8 ac4f false true
3rma ac4f true false
gz3h 8z0 true true
fykb 642j false false
anvc 130x true false
5ssd ac4f true false
ajb9 ac4f false false
kkff gnth true true
9qwo gnth false false
hv0a ac4f false true
f1ym ac4f false false
5lj5 csim false false
1l0i hoor true false
bncl csim false true
9oyh 8z0 true false
b001 57de false true
9h1p 4fsj true true
b6vv hoor true true
fn6u gnth true true
9vnc ac4f true false
2ftu ac4f false false
l7na ac4f true false
astj ac4f true true
j07g ac4f true false
edvo ac4f false false
EOF
