10000
czlr google true true
cayn google true true
6pg4 cayn false true
cpcg 6pg4 false false
7t4x 6pg4 false true
33by 6pg4 true true
6rub czlr false true
6l4q 7t4x false false
8gnt cayn true false
86f9 czlr false false
60fb 6pg4 true false
kthw google false false
hl7s 86f9 true true
axsj 33by false true
jvb8 33by false false
girt czlr false true
gcdx 7t4x true false
inug czlr false true
jqeh 6pg4 true false
aef8 33by false true
82wq cayn false false
1rvg 7t4x false true
fa8y 6l4q true false
by42 33by false true
ais czlr true true
eonr 6l4q true true
581h 7t4x false true
855g 7t4x true false
4f6w czlr false false
gms2 cayn false true
90jx 6l4q false true
cdfy cpcg true true
3ndk 6l4q false true
a7p2 cayn true true
5dr0 czlr false true
cfwx cayn false false
iwsz cpcg false true
558z czlr false false
c7gs 33by false true
f20g cayn true false
248s 33by false false
azzv cayn false false
8a74 6pg4 false true
i3xz 7t4x true true
4v9a cpcg false true
bhi czlr false false
9qbn czlr false true
bsbu czlr false false
fhfn cayn false false
ff7a cayn false false
7l5o czlr true true
4uhx kthw false true
406j 33by true true
eiiv cayn true false
88re 6rub true false
2gk6 jvb8 false false
clhk cpcg false false
1xgp 6pg4 false false
fhwj 86f9 true false
jb98 kthw false true
3dcl czlr true false
awew cpcg true true
3v95 6pg4 false true
a72h 33by true false
fs2a cayn false false
aw7n czlr true true
ffxa 6rub true false
c71d cayn false false
7epp girt true true
3dci 6pg4 true true
apaq 6l4q true false
k9nn 6pg4 true false
c375 czlr false false
k0dd czlr true false
86bz czlr false true
dflp 8gnt false false
dxm cpcg false true
d0qi 7l5o false true
3fsk cayn true true
it3f czlr true false
77vx cayn true false
3osz 33by true false
9899 6l4q false true
6yzp czlr false false
hdd1 7t4x false true
folb 7t4x false false
2s7n jvb8 true false
198p czlr false false
33jg czlr true false
azxi cayn true false
gy8f 33by false false
gate hl7s false false
k8vc czlr false false
2i9n 86f9 true false
44lb 33by true true
fl1a 6pg4 false true
omn cayn true false
gfxe czlr false true
3n16 8gnt false true
ac5f cayn false true
5gqh 6pg4 false false
4ekw cpcg false true
3x0w 7t4x false false
d06d 7t4x false false
fld2 cayn true false
dwqt 8gnt true true
992n czlr true false
67eo 6pg4 true false
kt5e 6pg4 true false
529f 6l4q true true
80yr cayn false false
5rnk 86f9 false true
54ft czlr true true
4xv6 cpcg true false
kqbm 6pg4 true true
g0lv cayn true false
3u82 cayn false false
8kd5 6pg4 false true
eneu czlr false true
f5u6 cpcg true false
gpp4 hl7s false false
k3z6 cayn true false
9xgt jvb8 false true
i9j 6rub false false
9pl0 kthw true true
1hf4 581h true false
h8u4 cayn false false
ix74 kthw true true
9udk czlr false true
2dwe 7t4x true true
jit 33by true false
d6i5 6rub false false
c2bi 8gnt true true
gqsk 6l4q false true
65s5 czlr false true
s0x 33by true true
90e9 czlr false false
1x7k 6pg4 false false
jt88 6pg4 false false
5dxp czlr true true
92gp czlr true false
2qdh czlr true false
coqi 6pg4 true false
bxsn 6pg4 true false
hq2k cpcg true true
ag0n czlr true false
koje 6pg4 true false
kxjo 8gnt true true
72qk cpcg false true
9ow2 cpcg true true
45h0 inug true false
hvpu 86f9 false true
11yv czlr true false
d6g7 czlr true false
9wqd 6rub true true
2tu7 cpcg false true
azp0 czlr false false
3a3k cpcg true false
c988 6pg4 true false
axdi czlr true true
jdod cayn false true
b4ac cpcg true true
cewn cpcg true true
g54o cpcg true true
59eu cpcg false false
f60w cdfy true false
7oae 6rub true true
3g7l 7t4x true false
jqz6 6rub false false
6nt5 cayn true true
24te 6pg4 false true
ddpp 6pg4 false true
i04x 86f9 false true
8khs cpcg true false
cc55 czlr false true
cce1 cpcg false true
5825 8gnt true true
6no2 cayn false false
7glx jvb8 false true
gxws 6pg4 true true
42fh cpcg false false
11w7 6l4q true false
f462 7t4x true true
2r49 czlr true false
h00z 82wq true true
6h2 kthw false false
k2p9 czlr true true
29d4 86f9 false true
2byn 6pg4 false false
iggl 7t4x true true
l4xy 6rub true false
4owb czlr true true
bovc inug true true
h4x cayn false true
ba75 7t4x true true
aoa3 czlr false false
j3m6 kthw true true
bwew 7t4x false false
52f cpcg true true
6d1k cayn false true
ixnj cayn true true
7vf6 czlr false true
79tn 6rub false false
fks9 cayn false false
79w 7t4x true false
h426 8gnt false false
3yih czlr false false
d2bq czlr true false
e0y0 hl7s true true
4qqr 8gnt false true
1t3v 6pg4 true true
2se6 cayn true false
hh7i 6pg4 true true
3ci9 cayn false true
64ys cayn true false
1l09 6l4q false true
knys 60fb true true
eok0 7t4x true false
i24g 6rub false true
1ae4 kthw true true
2cpt 6l4q true true
bk6z cpcg true false
k2zr cayn false true
hfes cayn false false
93vo 33by true true
bh50 cpcg false true
hxcl 6rub false true
7ma 6rub true true
5vnq 6pg4 true true
2g42 gcdx false true
iess cayn true false
ehm4 hl7s false false
7mqr 86f9 true false
2bfc 6pg4 true true
ifjp cpcg false false
3rp6 axsj false true
21ri cpcg false false
b64z cayn true false
cvdt cayn true true
8n3v czlr false true
i1zw 86f9 false false
in0h czlr true false
cx08 6rub false false
hrpy 7t4x true false
igz5 33by true false
bs5o 8gnt false true
b20j cpcg true false
clnr cpcg true false
3nks cpcg false false
4x6a 7t4x false true
2zdw 6rub false true
clmh cpcg true false
3ghv czlr false false
9c57 czlr true false
dqmo 6rub true false
83d cpcg true true
5bw cayn true false
jacv 6pg4 false true
jysw cayn false true
dutt 6rub true false
dmrz 6rub true false
h9tb 8gnt false true
iz31 czlr false true
dkx0 cayn false true
dgb1 cayn false true
6nb8 33by false false
7i5i czlr true false
dit6 8gnt true false
cze7 7t4x false true
dx95 czlr true true
6dq5 6l4q true false
8tvp 7t4x false false
1zak czlr false false
7ji2 cayn true false
fin4 girt false false
dkox axsj false false
lxp czlr false true
jhgj 7t4x true false
5wpw czlr false true
fwdy jvb8 false true
jtqv czlr true false
8hlx 6pg4 false false
8jup 7t4x false false
b5g9 czlr true false
d9yr 8gnt true false
i1wx cayn true true
19a cpcg true false
jry2 7t4x false false
gbob cpcg false false
3ppa jqeh false false
770m 6l4q false true
2vfe 60fb false false
2ob3 czlr false false
7hve 7t4x true true
kchy 7t4x false true
6f1j 60fb false true
fsr9 82wq false false
i2xd 6pg4 true true
jrvb cayn false false
fnj0 6pg4 false false
5zkn cayn true true
hmbm cayn false true
e6cq 33by false true
ilq0 czlr false false
5uqr czlr true false
1p7m kthw true false
9y8h 6l4q true true
bzco cayn false false
jnaf 86f9 true true
jjck cpcg true false
kwi czlr true false
assv 6pg4 true false
cjr2 6rub false false
2rhi 7t4x true false
7wl6 czlr true true
96t6 7t4x false true
3rde 7t4x false false
2f9g cayn false true
i8qm cpcg true true
dnci czlr true false
bj0t 33by true false
g8cb 7t4x false false
l4bn czlr false true
9cbg cayn false false
w22 6pg4 false true
2rb2 6pg4 true false
f1x1 33by false false
8c0u czlr false true
9t8h jvb8 true true
6wy9 7t4x true true
cq5z 6pg4 false true
gzyu 33by true false
5eup cpcg true true
6alr 7t4x true false
hvga cayn true false
7rfk czlr false false
v68 czlr false false
9wmq cpcg true false
gh64 czlr false true
cidz 6pg4 true true
g273 33by true true
1cqh 8gnt true true
jmdb cayn true false
i2hb cayn false false
5tlp cpcg true false
b7jf 6pg4 true false
chvd inug false true
j7lf 7t4x false false
cuqi 33by false true
56ck 6pg4 true false
8pxw 33by false true
79uj 6rub true true
6x0j cayn true true
7efn 7t4x false false
knfl 33by true true
1an 6rub true true
hdbc 6pg4 true false
daog 33by true false
7rrr 6pg4 true false
ev4e 6pg4 false false
bzv0 33by false true
15x8 8gnt true true
fk7d cayn false false
5429 6pg4 true false
bdgq 6pg4 false false
9z90 8gnt true false
23ls czlr false true
fgzd cpcg false true
akft czlr true true
8nwa cpcg true false
818v czlr true true
hnrj jvb8 true true
9mh5 hl7s true true
erz3 6rub true true
3l1s cpcg false false
d6k8 czlr false false
6lna 6pg4 false true
2gna 33by false false
hqpb cpcg true true
klkj 6rub true true
1k8m 86f9 false false
jb0y 6pg4 true true
ewje 8gnt true false
3f71 6pg4 false false
anj7 czlr true true
45fp 60fb false true
1gkr cayn false true
ke7d hl7s false false
2gb8 60fb false false
2qq7 cpcg false true
s64 7t4x true false
4r75 6pg4 false false
j1az cayn false false
11lg cayn true true
xfa czlr true true
d3v7 cayn true true
7gda cayn true false
g18x 33by false true
bgzt czlr false true
5hkp 6pg4 true false
d09a czlr true true
cji5 6pg4 true false
4j2v jqeh false true
doee 6pg4 true false
8tk8 czlr false false
854g cayn true false
h3aa 8gnt true false
88bo 6pg4 false false
gqjf czlr false true
34di 7t4x true false
dyji 86f9 true false
decx gcdx false false
crkz 6pg4 true false
7qv9 6pg4 true true
2jvr 7t4x false false
i7po cayn false false
4fl6 6pg4 false false
7v99 7t4x true true
eagg 7t4x false false
59lv cayn true false
7jhc 7t4x false false
5t5x cpcg true false
eshs 33by false true
ff6r czlr false true
bqcs 33by false false
jrm1 6l4q false false
c8iw czlr false true
5jqs 33by true false
4kle czlr false false
7ytu 86f9 false true
he9b cayn false true
1gg8 6pg4 false true
o9i czlr true true
8zrb hl7s true false
f1a3 cayn true false
e568 6l4q true false
cm1z 6l4q true false
1ju 6pg4 false true
d1n6 7t4x true false
dpte cpcg false false
jzvr 7t4x false false
jmxc czlr false false
aags hl7s true false
l8q1 60fb false false
k9y4 6rub true true
51sh 6pg4 false true
fu6v 6pg4 false true
bz76 cayn true true
a4wv czlr true true
bw6f cayn true false
e3my 8gnt true false
c4gp cpcg true true
5erx cayn true true
472p cayn true false
coik 6rub false false
3mxo czlr true false
gavf 6pg4 true true
dzs8 cpcg false false
eqa7 33by false false
9bn1 cayn true false
d0ji czlr true false
4sd9 6l4q true true
j25j cayn true true
eqon 7t4x true true
azae czlr true false
gmy1 cayn false true
gyme 33by true true
id7t 8gnt false false
6k5e 7t4x true false
ajkg hl7s true false
kk7n czlr false false
4mum 60fb false false
9eps 7t4x false false
jmdc 6l4q false false
gmly cpcg false true
9n8c cpcg false true
2afd kthw false false
govr 6pg4 true true
h6fh cpcg false false
45p8 6pg4 true false
b0hj czlr false false
7ire 855g true true
arj6 6pg4 false true
emkf 7t4x false true
6aqx 7t4x false false
e3tz hl7s true false
c229 33by false false
7stx czlr true false
b2nr cayn true false
7p3m cayn false true
fqpd czlr false false
juzb czlr false false
msr cayn false true
90yy cayn true true
ksf8 33by true true
8xvt 7t4x false true
6900 czlr false false
5ahe 33by false true
l99l czlr true true
cxfo 7t4x true true
e5r8 6pg4 false true
6p0i cpcg false false
nyt 33by false false
2pxa cayn false true
feum czlr true true
2qx6 cayn false true
gi3a cpcg false true
55bi cayn true false
d6fs 33by true true
iqj7 cpcg true false
k3sd 6rub true true
dafv jvb8 false false
e5t9 6rub false true
75ss inug false true
4yg cayn true true
2d6d cayn true true
apoe cpcg true true
4shq girt false true
7kmm hl7s true true
kc02 6pg4 true true
jwwh cayn true true
3zzo cpcg false true
7237 cayn true false
11jy 7t4x false false
9iiv 7t4x false false
3ytn 86f9 false false
8snl 7t4x true false
5b83 cayn true false
7cfg 7t4x true true
gk2l 33by false false
bej9 7t4x true false
7pp0 6rub true false
l1cc axsj true true
kpli czlr false false
2njs cayn false true
o3d 6pg4 false true
4qau 8gnt false false
eyl3 7t4x false true
6qlr 7t4x true true
flhu 6pg4 false true
8y02 6rub true true
9sb9 cpcg false false
1nqk 7t4x false false
2t2z cayn true false
2o85 cpcg false true
h4p8 6rub true true
ndm 7t4x true true
lfk1 6l4q false false
16ya cayn true true
80u5 7t4x false false
i2im aef8 true false
iny9 6l4q true true
e6k5 6pg4 false false
15f7 czlr true true
6uta czlr false false
5lnm 6pg4 true true
fn7k 6pg4 false true
raz czlr true false
5v4u hl7s true true
ht36 7t4x false true
2gxg 8gnt true false
7m2t cpcg true false
2zlh 6pg4 false false
p5r czlr true false
888h cayn false true
ixnd czlr false true
5b14 6pg4 false false
1ufd girt false false
3jv6 6rub true false
ape8 6pg4 true false
70q3 33by true true
4tcw 6pg4 true true
ck5q 6rub true true
k5eb 33by true true
8fug czlr false false
7uzd cayn true true
2qa6 czlr true true
7f35 czlr false false
gd1u 8gnt true false
a1ct 6pg4 true true
hz9e 7t4x false true
jb4c 6pg4 true false
c12i czlr false false
hnjs 7t4x false false
gi7b 6pg4 true true
2yc0 cayn false false
iu0t cayn false false
9tkt cayn false true
e6k6 6pg4 true false
l137 cpcg true true
6ze3 czlr false false
9t92 1rvg false true
428s czlr true false
l8lk 60fb false false
l9x2 60fb false false
70q3 cayn true false
33el 33by false true
kh10 6pg4 true false
a7n6 33by true false
7dny 7t4x true false
f4a9 czlr false true
4hy5 6rub false false
3402 86f9 false false
bz1j hl7s true true
8016 60fb false true
dc4 6rub true false
1nvh cayn false false
iz6g cayn true true
4gy2 cpcg false true
l1dz cayn false true
bewg cayn true true
bg86 czlr false true
h50t 581h false true
8k1i czlr true true
kx6k kthw false false
2l68 czlr false false
8wx0 czlr false false
8u77 cpcg true true
1yez girt true true
e98e cayn false false
1fu8 cayn true false
ihrx czlr true false
9yu0 cayn false false
i7nq 7t4x false true
7s8p cayn false false
dnbp cayn false false
ky4a cpcg false true
6k40 33by true false
1qri czlr false true
8kif 6l4q false false
e30n 7t4x true true
elm9 6pg4 true true
kxf6 6pg4 true true
hj44 6l4q false false
1fg9 cpcg true true
4uce czlr false false
8ee7 cpcg false true
44qo czlr false false
ijsk cayn true false
80x cayn false false
5or2 girt false false
9kri cayn true true
i9dx cayn true true
70d2 6pg4 false false
2xgj cpcg true false
8o41 czlr false false
3e7y cpcg false true
4k8e cayn true true
eb7c 8gnt false false
3p8y 6l4q false true
4z22 cayn true true
c0l4 cayn false false
ct24 7t4x false true
gjx8 60fb false true
um5 cayn true true
g9rr czlr false false
7vui cayn false true
fqyg 6pg4 true false
6h1m 7t4x true true
gbz7 czlr true true
jnc1 33by false true
gawk 6pg4 true false
5e8j czlr false true
3fri 86f9 false true
11kr axsj true false
fm1z cayn false false
35mk 6l4q false false
7xey czlr false false
gsvx kthw true true
b9xl czlr false true
70ww 33by true true
dvb5 czlr false true
kh92 cpcg true false
cu4a 8gnt true false
hwdt 6pg4 false true
8xde 86f9 true false
hzug czlr true false
dk19 6pg4 true false
h8qu cayn true true
d6gy 7t4x true true
l8kh cayn false true
flts cayn true false
7t5h 6rub false true
75np czlr true false
hkn1 8gnt false false
8s9y czlr false false
kntm czlr false true
bzm9 axsj true false
4m48 czlr true true
dg1v 6rub true false
3a0o 7t4x false false
j8h9 6pg4 true false
8ljy kthw false false
85dy 7t4x false false
dpza czlr true true
hht3 33by true true
gasd axsj true true
ipsd cpcg true true
fkto 6pg4 true true
gjva 6rub true false
68n0 cpcg true false
km09 czlr true true
eze3 8gnt true false
cv6w cayn true true
9yog cayn false true
5w13 axsj true false
i9gp czlr false true
1hns 7t4x true false
f17h cpcg true false
81r9 cayn false false
kb2q cpcg true true
8zar cayn false true
b3qz 82wq true false
lekg czlr true true
2zoe czlr false false
d38i 7t4x false true
f704 6pg4 true true
71zx 6rub false false
4dk1 86f9 true true
6jm 8gnt false false
bmyq czlr true false
6vnv czlr false false
51wu 6pg4 false true
2hnb czlr true true
1ixi 6pg4 true false
6w5w 6l4q false false
1kna cayn false true
8o7b cayn true false
hsmd cpcg true false
7u5x czlr false true
6b6i cpcg false true
im45 cayn true false
dv4n cayn true true
5u2e czlr false true
ik3g 6l4q false false
jvk3 86f9 false false
fomn cayn true true
7rsg cpcg false true
5woc czlr true true
7r87 7t4x true true
8wmo 86f9 true false
1d05 cpcg true false
19a0 czlr false true
ei9o 33by true false
2jf2 czlr false true
2xh5 czlr true false
j2zk cayn true true
79p9 33by false true
3ilj cayn true true
bv8j 8gnt true true
9rkj czlr true true
kfu8 8gnt false false
3x2l 6pg4 false true
691q 8gnt false false
el2w czlr true true
3o4l gcdx true true
7ikr 6rub false false
ceu9 czlr true false
j0dv 8gnt true false
gprv czlr true true
eymk cayn true true
jg6c czlr true true
176v czlr false false
hemg 7t4x false true
9c9n cayn false true
ja3w kthw false true
jk5d 6pg4 false false
cs4q 6pg4 false true
3hqn cayn false true
4y7e 7t4x true false
u0o czlr true true
eke8 cpcg true false
id6i czlr true false
516k 6rub false true
c1c9 60fb false false
l9ff cayn true false
izjj 7t4x true false
g5ye cpcg true true
djt 7t4x true false
9q45 cayn false false
9d33 cayn false true
6846 kthw false false
fveo cpcg false false
dpei 6rub false false
5ngh czlr false true
dceq kthw false true
hnol cpcg false false
8pjp cayn true false
3r3h 7t4x false true
2gne cayn false false
5wjy hl7s false false
kfqb 33by true false
553a cayn true false
5bz6 czlr false true
6fad cpcg false false
i5ui czlr true false
kffb czlr false true
ccyv 7t4x true true
3kd0 cayn false true
1xc1 cayn false true
kuxe cayn true false
9opr 6l4q true false
ops czlr false false
7ucs cayn true true
keis 6pg4 true true
fcge czlr false true
6iss 6rub true false
9gv6 cayn false true
cahe kthw false true
j3nb czlr false false
5fww 7t4x false true
beqt 8gnt true true
8525 33by false true
d3ya 6pg4 true true
cthq czlr true false
huiu 6l4q true false
2bqc 6pg4 false true
5xqg czlr true true
geg9 6l4q false false
iwif 6rub true false
il33 7t4x true true
a7pb cayn false false
2imi cpcg false false
1fdk 7t4x false false
ir0e 6pg4 true true
5v8v 6pg4 true true
ekn9 8gnt false true
j7w8 cayn false false
7wqa czlr true false
3z68 czlr true false
6sz0 6pg4 true true
g2kp czlr false false
3qlj 8gnt true false
9zrk 6pg4 true false
gnkb 6pg4 false false
2rdk cpcg false true
it5l 8gnt false false
azzl 7t4x false false
nut 6pg4 true false
au0y czlr true true
9xsg 6pg4 true true
ix65 cpcg true true
3xzv cayn true false
9bop czlr true true
gcwi 86f9 false true
fa04 cayn true true
fe5z czlr true true
2om8 7t4x true false
1czg kthw true false
7byg girt false true
cy5n 6l4q false true
6g6y czlr true false
id4p 6pg4 true false
d2yb cpcg false false
fiqq ais true false
gwql 6pg4 false true
1ysf cayn false true
h5af cayn false false
7ff0 7t4x false false
92zl 33by false true
dm0x 86f9 false true
kdph 60fb true true
e0wc cpcg true true
2f2r cpcg true true
kmii 86f9 true false
gil3 cayn false false
cen2 6pg4 false true
5xep cayn true false
81ht 7t4x false false
bi49 33by true false
e8so 33by true false
9gho hl7s true true
4sdi 6pg4 false true
fiir 33by false true
l5ut czlr true true
l9kc axsj true false
6s6d cayn true false
158k cayn true false
3djd 6l4q true true
avba czlr true false
8kvj cayn true false
5ab5 cayn true false
dz5x 6pg4 true false
hp5m 6l4q false true
79kx 6pg4 true true
ayzo hl7s false true
4se4 cayn false false
c88c cpcg false true
ivps czlr false true
irbh 6pg4 false false
ifd0 czlr true true
gd9p cayn true false
3w1c 6l4q false true
9i17 czlr false true
a4ph cayn true true
hsxa czlr false true
2nb9 czlr true false
6h3a cpcg true false
knjh 6rub false false
hu0c czlr false true
i1v7 czlr false true
xth jvb8 true true
jqfg 7t4x false true
8pzv 6rub false false
8f3 7t4x false true
eh5h 6pg4 true true
4f7o 7t4x false false
jp6z 6pg4 false false
9ulu czlr true true
4n3p 60fb true false
al76 kthw false true
7e jqeh false false
igtr 6pg4 false true
1j18 33by false false
1glo czlr false true
1iw8 kthw true true
bdy 7t4x true true
748e 7t4x true false
7dx3 czlr true false
j59c cayn false false
7k61 cpcg false false
jiiy cpcg true false
j7my 6pg4 true false
433d 7t4x false false
kxdw cpcg true true
4x7s 86f9 false true
bort 7t4x false false
ii2c cayn true false
bd0h czlr false false
6k0o kthw true true
e28o cpcg false true
5u8i 6pg4 true false
bamg jqeh true false
jk97 cayn false true
1bro cayn true true
9gch 6l4q false true
l7xw cayn true true
5lwz 7t4x true true
6cwg 6pg4 true true
1oiy cpcg true true
hwlm czlr false true
f775 czlr true false
4g45 33by false true
7se3 6pg4 false false
ja2p czlr true true
evji cayn false false
gfto cayn false false
cq26 cayn true false
2b7a 1rvg true false
7kv7 czlr true false
k9gh cayn false true
lei0 cayn false false
9hyj 6l4q false false
fnb9 czlr true false
ixx7 cayn true false
hfkg 6pg4 false false
4h3j czlr true true
9ae2 6pg4 false true
esgh 86f9 false false
391g 6pg4 false false
b2c0 cpcg false true
d2tn czlr true true
78d 6pg4 true false
bh9g 60fb true false
9nn7 8gnt true false
do5b czlr false true
kfm4 czlr true true
5zax 6rub true false
bhf2 86f9 false false
eeig 7t4x false false
16fy cpcg true false
ji6f ais false false
2fsw cayn true false
holu czlr true false
d7tp 7t4x false false
1xjs 6pg4 false true
6ce8 7t4x true true
21j3 7t4x true true
7fx4 6pg4 false true
2l4y cayn false false
8zu3 czlr false true
4le5 gcdx false false
y4v cpcg false false
4gx6 33by true false
7y1t cayn false false
1dmn hl7s true true
k85u cpcg true true
1tw2 cayn false true
a84s hl7s false false
c46r 33by false true
apj6 hl7s true true
ktl8 czlr false false
3w0k 6pg4 false true
jgxg cpcg true false
3k4v 7t4x true false
cbuc cayn false false
e0t1 86f9 false false
ky7h cayn true true
6q0b 7t4x true false
b8ob cayn false false
hqt6 60fb false true
jix2 czlr true true
hzv5 czlr true false
byv0 33by true true
drzl 6pg4 true true
adfk czlr false false
aayg cpcg false false
348q cayn true false
c5rk czlr false true
ml5 axsj true false
i1xy cayn false false
8iud czlr true true
hvbn 6pg4 true false
g2zj czlr true true
542p cayn true false
yft 33by false true
gs9i 7t4x true false
f8iq czlr false false
cfml czlr true true
6lp6 6pg4 false false
fcfr 8gnt false true
hvrk 86f9 true true
ez7d aef8 true true
hz5c czlr false false
goa7 8gnt true false
h9xl 6rub false false
84g5 czlr false false
8oqj czlr false false
dstw cayn true false
4uq5 czlr true true
l7f5 8gnt true false
6k1p cpcg true false
h2lz 7t4x false true
ev57 86f9 false false
kv9u czlr false true
jrou 7t4x false true
2e8g czlr false false
gu25 cpcg false false
dv9e czlr false false
e50g czlr false false
3kx9 7t4x false false
izij kthw false false
2by5 czlr false false
d55s 33by false true
bhkk czlr false true
86tn 6rub false false
6oh2 cayn true true
be55 6pg4 false false
3idy cayn false true
jxft 6rub true false
3k1h cayn true true
d7i cpcg false true
dyoa czlr false true
5k4t 6rub true false
fi4 cpcg true true
d30k cayn false false
e5z5 7t4x false false
7uw9 czlr false true
cca3 cayn false true
iub1 czlr true false
bom9 czlr true true
jcon 7t4x true false
7wb5 hl7s false false
2ja6 czlr true true
f5sv czlr true false
huqo czlr false true
5x2f girt false false
gmfa 8gnt true false
9rfk 6pg4 true true
1i9a cpcg false false
5c1n gms2 true false
ktc2 czlr true false
akwp 6pg4 false true
kxlu 6pg4 false true
aayi cayn true false
dkj9 1rvg true true
5p8r 7t4x true true
km8m cayn false true
jer2 33by true false
5yan 6pg4 true true
23f5 gcdx false false
coi 6pg4 true true
5wrv 33by true false
86kk czlr true false
fa8h cayn true true
1bl czlr true false
i96v 6pg4 false false
7xik cayn true false
ddwb cayn true true
km2h hl7s true true
4vch inug true false
i1qu cpcg true false
5gzh 7t4x false true
hmp 6rub false true
9yc9 86f9 false true
jw14 cayn true true
i3s7 hl7s false false
7kwb 6pg4 false true
bncu 6pg4 false true
yvg 6pg4 false true
e1ja cpcg false false
i0lp cpcg true false
eidi 33by true true
dqxx cayn true false
cjjo 6pg4 false false
21hw 8gnt false false
g1ks 7t4x false false
1e7b czlr true true
9e5l 7t4x true true
hkvm 6pg4 true false
i056 7t4x false true
66r3 cayn false false
cgnz 6pg4 true false
1drz cayn true true
1cgz 60fb false false
ki0l 6rub false false
6uwn 86f9 true true
55ks 33by false true
667s czlr false false
fl48 cayn true true
b88w 6l4q false true
g3jw 6l4q false true
b9ve cpcg true false
7eh1 czlr true false
6292 czlr true true
6ukq czlr false false
czks czlr false true
sxt 6pg4 true true
6rg3 cayn true false
l7gx czlr true false
ii1g cpcg false false
142d cpcg true false
keeb 7t4x true true
29y9 czlr false false
72u6 czlr false true
dacl 33by true true
6kt4 6pg4 true true
kiwn czlr true false
8gc5 8gnt true true
d445 7t4x false false
3k4x czlr false false
i52m cpcg true true
78hr czlr true true
ckra 6pg4 false true
df9z cpcg true true
dk0x 8gnt false true
fk4 cayn true true
6ck2 czlr true true
basi 6pg4 false false
c869 cayn true false
85kq 7t4x false false
9989 cayn true true
idcn czlr true false
l05j cayn true false
4zs2 czlr true true
kcl8 cayn true false
2bae czlr false true
dniz cayn true false
37l2 cayn true false
fex czlr true false
7oht cayn true true
bd6v cpcg false false
6tgv 6pg4 false true
3wtw 6pg4 true true
6obl 6pg4 true true
hiu9 cayn false false
1ccc 6pg4 false false
e9za cpcg true true
h7ia cayn true true
8jim 4f6w true true
akwo cayn true true
4j8l cayn true true
4soq cayn true true
k7bb 86f9 false true
ihc8 czlr false false
acte cpcg false true
3rdb cayn true true
h9eq cayn false true
cabf cayn false false
80d0 7t4x false false
7v79 cpcg true false
hr8 kthw false false
g381 6pg4 false false
cc79 cayn false false
dlkb czlr false true
ivqb hl7s true true
3sbp kthw false true
5ov0 axsj true true
krx2 6rub true true
54st cayn true true
gugd cayn true false
kahp hl7s false false
5wyy 60fb false false
blui 33by false true
iszg hl7s false true
h5ah 33by true true
bc7c cayn false false
75vv 60fb false true
2793 6rub false true
9zvu girt true false
hd78 6l4q false true
9246 6pg4 false false
l73z cpcg false false
im4s axsj false false
4h5h cpcg true false
ib76 6rub true true
j4t6 8gnt true true
8omz cayn true false
jidj cpcg true false
i5q9 6pg4 true true
hnkn 6pg4 true true
4j6b czlr true false
1va1 cayn true false
11rb 6l4q false false
jqcu cayn true true
7itl cpcg false false
knph czlr true true
hbrk 6pg4 false false
jj72 hl7s true true
knhk 8gnt true false
vgw 7t4x false true
ehy8 7t4x true false
36yk cayn true true
l7w8 kthw true true
cuzp hl7s true true
7m0a 6pg4 false true
ihyq 33by false true
iwlr 1rvg true true
dwmg cayn true true
cl76 czlr false false
jwfu 6pg4 false true
5mr2 6rub false true
fuvo cayn false true
k2e2 60fb true false
3oxn czlr false false
i2y9 6pg4 true true
cfws czlr true true
iz8p czlr false false
igvq 6pg4 false true
g6oy 6l4q false true
a28z 6l4q false false
353b 6pg4 true true
9u2e cayn false true
ahf0 czlr true true
kpv7 6pg4 false true
4hsn cpcg false true
eszm gcdx true false
fs0a 6l4q false false
j6ak 6pg4 false false
gfis 6pg4 false true
l2b6 cpcg false false
138n 6rub false true
8459 6rub true false
9zid cayn false true
f3u7 cayn true true
29lt 6pg4 false false
4rp1 cpcg true false
ft5a czlr true false
1xqf cayn true true
bvwt cayn true false
dkx6 82wq true false
kjc5 6pg4 false true
6uyy cpcg true false
2nd 33by true false
1j96 6pg4 true true
5qh5 cayn false true
gcwr 6pg4 false false
ldk4 fa8y false true
gahi 60fb true false
cjhz czlr true false
48zw 33by false false
75ru hl7s false true
bjl7 6rub true true
8itc czlr true false
bu6j 7t4x false true
9gee 82wq false true
1jm4 7t4x false false
f1sc 6l4q true true
fabq 8gnt true false
bwed 8gnt false true
jedz cayn false false
2fru 6pg4 true false
1eiz cayn true true
f70k cpcg true false
33r5 6pg4 true true
35pu 6pg4 true true
l98q 7t4x true true
9svs cpcg true true
kiww 60fb false false
gfqr czlr false false
hcws czlr true false
ba9s 8gnt true true
53kn cayn false false
1q8k 6pg4 true true
6xhl 8gnt true false
huk9 gcdx false false
86gu czlr false false
c517 cayn true false
2yil 7t4x false false
ke9m kthw true false
5xj5 cayn false true
dkbz 7t4x true false
9sun 7t4x true false
54cy czlr true false
jvst cpcg true false
h1ri 7t4x true false
byqr czlr false true
5wea 33by true false
1fip 6pg4 false false
egjc 6pg4 false true
7zr3 7t4x true false
430a cayn false false
c90h 6pg4 false true
ay2q 7t4x false true
kljk 6rub false true
9557 7t4x false false
kes cpcg true false
cfkp 33by false true
n9q czlr false false
k4a 7t4x false true
dl0t 6pg4 true true
941 6pg4 false false
887i 7t4x true true
btwh cpcg true true
pir 6rub true true
9pcq cpcg false false
i68x 6pg4 false true
2uha 6rub false false
5nf1 cayn false false
btvy czlr false true
7c7v 8gnt true false
6lri cayn true true
ga05 cayn false false
gk6n 8gnt false true
22no 33by false false
2k2x cayn false true
zc9 6l4q true false
8cb3 6pg4 false true
89l4 33by false false
dpr2 cpcg true false
ex9 czlr false false
a156 8gnt false false
11a4 cayn false true
67ck cayn false false
jxks 6l4q true true
j5j6 cayn false false
fq5v 6pg4 false true
ee7f 6rub true true
4m3f 6l4q true false
gc1z czlr false false
cc60 6pg4 true false
l57l czlr true true
9v0o 7t4x false false
ir9e 6pg4 true false
k7bx czlr false false
b3qd 6pg4 true false
40ui 6pg4 false false
ichu 6pg4 true false
fafz cpcg true true
cm4l 6rub false false
g7bb cayn false false
bif1 6pg4 true true
6n1h 7t4x true true
lbwf cpcg false true
ikkd czlr false false
f83y 6pg4 false false
aw8b 6pg4 false true
8dpl cpcg false true
4pe4 cayn false false
azbh czlr false false
g74z cayn false true
1kgg czlr false false
60w6 6pg4 true false
8ue cpcg false false
c9qf cpcg true false
7xo4 czlr false true
b7tv kthw true false
gpxy 6pg4 true true
cfzk 6pg4 false false
fn89 czlr true false
1ft0 aef8 true true
25vl cpcg false true
4l06 gcdx false false
40i3 6rub false true
652i cpcg false false
9bps 7t4x true false
ftu 855g true false
at45 7t4x true false
8ri4 6l4q true false
iu74 6pg4 true true
7uzu hl7s false false
8cug cpcg false false
eur1 6pg4 false true
3am9 6pg4 true false
bai3 6pg4 false true
8gan 6pg4 true true
2t3r 8gnt true true
9bf2 6pg4 false true
i2s0 cayn false false
dnub cayn false false
h7vs 7t4x true true
5tnc cayn false false
cyv4 czlr true false
5mmp cayn true false
a8rh cpcg true false
ilkx 33by true true
6a0r czlr false false
ill6 6pg4 false true
au29 czlr false true
gjo2 33by false false
cy8p cayn false false
fsic 33by true false
b12q czlr false false
6a9j 33by true true
l0ea 6l4q true false
6r1x 60fb false true
i74 czlr true true
je6e jvb8 true false
4frd 6pg4 false true
3lit cpcg false true
h8rp czlr true true
2hqk 6pg4 false false
ix2i 7t4x true false
fawx kthw true true
ebtj cayn true true
13lp cayn false false
fjlj czlr false true
fj3v 6rub true false
l905 cayn true true
3ofv 8gnt false false
35ke axsj true false
kmf 33by true false
bh0y czlr false true
3acl 8gnt false true
34fq czlr true true
bczr czlr false true
6v1d czlr true false
fpr5 6l4q false true
9w4c 60fb true false
48oe 6l4q false false
hya cpcg true true
kbgi girt true true
g3p 6rub false true
84uq 86f9 true true
3al8 czlr false false
7xlu czlr false true
c341 cpcg true true
hfuh 6rub false false
eslv 6l4q true false
ep05 6l4q false false
d4to 6pg4 false false
hljk czlr false true
6hmf 6pg4 true true
fjkt cpcg false true
683g 6l4q false true
c521 cpcg false true
k7ld 33by false true
2gx4 6l4q true true
cucn 7t4x true false
jz6 8gnt false true
d40a czlr false true
dxrd 6pg4 true true
4lms cpcg true false
8ek0 6rub false false
9y9x ais false false
ef2z czlr false false
fcup cpcg true true
biaq 6l4q false false
1te9 cpcg true true
2y7o 6pg4 false false
6sdy czlr true false
2qsf 7t4x false true
75xs azzv false true
jvrv czlr false false
afg7 7t4x true true
ldik cayn true true
fdbn 6l4q false true
dymc 7t4x true true
hstf cayn true false
fn74 33by false true
10m4 cayn true false
d7h1 cayn false false
iwtl 6pg4 true false
1yka 6rub true false
knbi czlr false true
dp5e 86f9 false true
2ysn 8gnt true true
9nvh czlr false true
jdq4 6pg4 false false
2hau 6l4q false true
1vef 6pg4 false false
l84l czlr true false
duw6 6rub false true
94ac czlr true false
axpz cpcg false false
526b cayn false false
1f8g czlr false true
g036 33by true false
2tr8 7t4x false true
1mu czlr false true
67p3 czlr false true
dk5s 6l4q true false
fzqc kthw false true
b5do 6l4q true false
jili jvb8 false true
9zah cayn false false
244s czlr false true
d223 cpcg true false
13nq 82wq true false
l9ga 6rub false true
a7yy 33by false true
3rxr czlr false false
8gpv kthw false true
7lbm 6l4q true true
3vcu 7t4x true true
arg4 axsj true false
7qcw czlr false false
8a1a 60fb false true
8ysh 8gnt false false
eyl3 hl7s true true
ecpu 33by true false
dui 7t4x true true
kupb gcdx false false
fptg czlr true false
hpjw cpcg false false
cin0 6l4q false true
9ik2 cayn true true
6l60 hl7s false false
kb3c czlr true false
jfm0 cayn true false
hczt 7t4x false true
jr4 6pg4 true false
l6vm hl7s false true
czaa 7t4x true false
7euk 6l4q true true
7sxh 6l4q true true
dkvq by42 false true
14g6 cayn false false
a24q 82wq false false
ahji 6pg4 true false
hbnt 7t4x false false
j20k czlr true false
jane cayn false true
g5my cpcg false false
e4en cayn false false
6h1s czlr true false
evzl 6pg4 true true
ddp6 33by false true
e3yb cpcg true true
h59q 82wq true false
ibfd 7t4x false true
f137 czlr true false
76gs 6pg4 true false
d07w 86f9 true true
yjk cayn true true
kssb cayn false false
i0j7 cayn true false
lfw czlr true false
1lwq 6pg4 false false
9mnl 855g true false
a87h 7t4x true false
idyj gcdx true false
jcw5 cpcg true false
dryj cayn false false
5lwu 8gnt false true
athy 33by true false
4gqt 6rub false false
8ptk 6l4q false false
ehxt 33by true true
auda cayn true true
k46e 6pg4 false false
2q9w 86f9 true true
2qzq 7t4x false false
6hlk 8gnt true false
il6n cayn false false
8l6z hl7s false false
kvr6 8gnt false false
3ata 7t4x true true
abr8 cayn true false
2tjs czlr true false
2nzb cpcg true false
kp84 czlr true false
5vs9 hl7s true false
21hs czlr true false
4dfi 33by false false
g2nl cpcg false false
awuu 60fb false false
l66e 6pg4 false true
92so czlr true false
brxg cayn true true
cdz4 czlr true false
50vu 6rub false true
br3d 6pg4 false true
2g00 cpcg false false
j3tp cayn true true
ihbl 33by true true
g70q 60fb true true
edsh 6rub true true
imkc cpcg false true
8vvq 6rub true false
6gri cayn false true
ecya czlr false true
k58u czlr false false
fan0 cayn true false
cefv czlr false false
ax6h 82wq false true
4koo czlr true false
k9wa cayn false false
68h0 6pg4 false true
kjdh czlr false false
irff 6l4q true true
kd7a hl7s false true
4ozk 6rub true false
5v7c cpcg true true
35mm 7t4x false true
19bn 86f9 true false
ck8 czlr true false
51ed cayn true true
1ml0 hl7s false false
arhz 8gnt true false
d12u 33by false true
74ub cayn false true
ksq cpcg true true
jbqr czlr true false
is13 6pg4 true true
7602 cayn true false
g6zj czlr true true
46ue cpcg false true
6hjn cayn true false
15v3 6pg4 true true
3xdw czlr false false
fvxn czlr false false
bid9 czlr false true
kcau czlr false false
fxf6 86f9 false false
koto 7t4x true false
htr0 czlr false false
9jz2 6pg4 true false
kg7m cpcg false true
klcw 6rub false true
fvjo 7t4x true false
9sfo cayn true true
8sfn czlr true false
j4bh 6pg4 true true
bouf cayn true false
4l5o cayn true true
eps5 czlr false true
gu6k 7t4x false false
ae1t 6pg4 true true
9e49 czlr true true
2k01 cayn true false
1pja cpcg true true
l7i9 6l4q false true
emhx 6pg4 true false
9buu 33by true false
b4f1 gms2 false true
9syp cayn false false
x4z cayn true false
3mpa cayn true true
90ir 33by false true
f51q cayn false false
98fs axsj true false
glkv 7t4x true true
cdw9 czlr false false
b4eu 7t4x true false
2xwo cayn false false
70b1 kthw false false
d58w czlr true false
9mck czlr true false
6clr 6l4q false true
c0ey czlr false true
iysz czlr true true
kl29 axsj false false
4jev 6l4q true true
f4o7 czlr true false
e6hs 6pg4 false false
6ch8 6l4q true true
3cui 6rub false false
9yzz 33by true false
84vs aef8 false false
h6df 6pg4 true false
lf09 60fb false true
95a 33by false true
8web czlr false false
co13 cayn true false
8sq8 cayn false true
q92 6rub false false
ewi6 ais true false
1wsb 6pg4 true true
40s6 czlr true true
hk1c cayn false true
hyif 6pg4 true true
ev7x czlr true true
5jp7 8gnt false true
69vc 6rub false true
7x7h 6pg4 true true
ajh4 czlr false false
9m7t cpcg false false
6dr4 cpcg true false
dvq0 6pg4 true false
24ag 6rub true false
36cz inug false true
87bp czlr true false
is24 czlr false true
krrw cpcg false true
l0yz 86f9 true true
9zn cayn true false
j25a cayn false true
1avn czlr false true
a5wi 6rub false false
a28t czlr false false
f3ay cayn false true
3wa1 60fb false false
ga8f 6pg4 true false
5u1l 6rub true false
eu13 cpcg false false
kyhm 6rub false false
ceyv 33by false true
99de czlr true false
688q czlr false false
3yll 6pg4 false false
b9tl cpcg true true
9np9 6pg4 true false
1d7t czlr false true
e6ox 6l4q true false
c7vq 33by false true
7sx1 czlr false true
1dgj 7t4x true true
hnng cayn false true
4h7x 6pg4 false false
kuy6 czlr true false
4sfc cpcg true false
5fri 6rub false false
okj 33by true false
ks3z 86f9 true true
2too 6pg4 true true
9lzi czlr false true
4urg czlr false true
gnez cayn false false
jcbx czlr false false
7us9 cpcg false true
9zfh 7t4x true true
ezlc 6l4q true false
klom 7t4x false false
4bg7 czlr false true
gja5 6rub false true
d5eb 6pg4 false false
gh2x 6rub true false
hxf6 60fb true false
ir71 czlr true false
93h6 czlr true false
8kw4 7t4x true false
fmde 33by true false
jte 33by false true
3n9e girt false false
h946 cpcg true false
61ol 86f9 false true
jwqb 7t4x true false
l0rm cayn false false
i7vt 6pg4 false false
evi2 czlr false true
9gsf czlr false false
4d40 czlr false true
clc6 6pg4 false false
l2de czlr false false
htom czlr true false
7uhj czlr true true
1qz7 7t4x true true
a4g4 6rub false false
660k 7t4x false true
cxhp cpcg false true
e51z 6pg4 false true
hvn0 7t4x true false
3cy5 6pg4 true true
ciwc 7t4x true false
628r 6pg4 false true
a4q1 cayn true false
94l2 7t4x false true
7xe8 33by false true
2qoq 6pg4 false false
g7h8 6pg4 true false
c6ed czlr false true
7znd cpcg false true
5n5 6pg4 false true
ig8r 7t4x true false
gc92 cpcg false true
jpya 6l4q true false
kkz7 czlr false false
jlro cayn true true
4xiu 86f9 true true
an8q cayn false false
9cun czlr true false
gcto 7t4x false false
ipsn 6pg4 false true
gfoi czlr false false
99lm jvb8 false false
hotn girt true true
co5q czlr true true
8jxr 6pg4 true true
5842 cayn true false
g6md 6pg4 false true
2ujt 8gnt false false
23f1 cayn true true
2bx czlr false true
c0sp czlr true true
lahx cpcg false false
5gbd cayn false false
h0wf 7t4x true true
3p70 czlr true false
iri8 czlr true true
9j2p 7t4x false false
3x57 6rub false true
g5te cpcg false false
ax1n czlr true true
by33 cayn false true
ak4b cpcg false true
9q4g axsj false true
in3t 6pg4 false true
ea2c czlr false true
e489 86f9 false true
baf8 czlr false false
d55y 8gnt true true
88ml 6l4q false true
37k3 czlr false false
1v03 6l4q false true
2ivn 7t4x true false
jiaw 7t4x false true
5g8t 33by false false
egda 8gnt true false
8z9x girt true false
duca 6rub false true
ibnv czlr false false
bj69 6l4q true false
chwk czlr false false
9pp 33by false false
68hh czlr false false
6qrj 7t4x false false
b31f cayn false false
jwu9 6pg4 true false
gwpc czlr false true
av4k gcdx true true
7tqg 7t4x false true
96m5 7t4x false true
93kb 6rub false true
6plg 6rub false true
iihu 7t4x true false
7yl5 cayn false true
cchz 33by false true
k49h 6pg4 false true
ic6e cayn false false
c8ya 33by true false
4ibk kthw false false
5m4k 7t4x true false
bp6j cayn false true
gp4m 8gnt false false
dgry 33by false true
95ur 6pg4 false false
kxjh 7t4x true false
e9zg 33by false true
2n58 ais false false
hba9 cpcg false false
grx3 6rub false true
jhz6 cayn false false
f7k9 czlr true false
i2a2 cdfy false true
gjx0 6l4q true false
aam5 cayn false false
3qm4 7t4x true false
3cbo czlr true false
2ikr czlr false false
lcom cpcg true false
e9bt cayn true true
f13i czlr true true
77xn cpcg false false
12d6 7t4x false true
a9tp 581h false false
cwno 86f9 false false
1mtw czlr true false
iuhq jvb8 false false
6zd 6pg4 true true
igqd axsj true true
c3fx cpcg true false
7xgv 6pg4 true false
ci5o cpcg true true
jvla kthw true false
ei99 86f9 true false
gtyw cayn false false
5so6 7t4x false true
3xne cpcg false false
1z1u czlr false false
7706 7t4x true false
ctvx 6rub false true
fdc4 hl7s true false
lf1g cpcg false false
3ft2 6pg4 false true
f7qy cayn true false
j8t1 cpcg true true
4eho cayn false false
e0un cayn false true
5n93 7t4x true true
frld 6rub false true
7uw4 axsj true false
lc9d cayn false true
a3ub cpcg false false
dvrm 7t4x true false
9usv czlr false false
5f0k 8gnt false false
7sai czlr true true
fprx czlr true true
k3g8 6l4q true false
7shb czlr true false
kmhr czlr false false
a97j czlr true true
k7un czlr false false
7omd 7t4x false true
b5b9 cpcg false true
1xpd cayn false false
egot 33by true true
49sz czlr false true
5en czlr false false
6bl7 czlr false false
5947 czlr true true
a5xd 6pg4 false true
229u 6l4q false false
9ki2 6pg4 false true
femr 6pg4 true true
j39o czlr false false
59nm 60fb false false
1ga3 cayn false true
7bmq czlr true false
bnqx 60fb false false
4aqe czlr true false
fjgs 6pg4 false true
4csr 6pg4 true false
czg7 cpcg false false
2zlj czlr false true
d6wu cayn true false
7gk4 6l4q true true
7gew czlr false true
3mi6 6rub false true
kcup kthw true true
48k4 cpcg true true
8q8f czlr true true
jfyg 6l4q true true
laf1 33by true false
jtqb 6pg4 true false
bh4c 6pg4 true false
d8j8 czlr true false
iuvy 6l4q true false
j9s7 6l4q true false
kgvs 6rub true true
b5ns kthw false true
fzx8 6l4q false true
diql cayn true false
3ks3 8gnt true false
g21z cayn false true
6vaj 6pg4 false true
amy7 czlr false true
d83s cpcg true false
4kq4 6pg4 true false
6g7k czlr true true
g3kv 6l4q true true
7g7a cayn false false
a7b0 czlr true true
kf66 czlr false false
edqh 8gnt true false
7fy4 6pg4 false true
ebok 6pg4 true false
2svh 7t4x false true
gco8 8gnt true true
do7o czlr true false
7o13 czlr true true
1r5a czlr false false
hnhe cayn false true
a9a2 cpcg true true
fcgg 86f9 false false
buk4 cpcg false true
fo97 6pg4 true true
7eq9 cpcg true false
5uc1 86f9 false true
1ij0 cayn false true
3lrs 6rub false false
dp27 8gnt true false
9pw2 jqeh false false
l2fh cayn false false
c724 33by true false
5yam cayn true false
h0mi 86f9 false false
dm7j 7t4x true true
ab1m hl7s true true
2usk cayn true false
5l8 cayn true false
h17b ais false false
73xx czlr false false
fibh czlr false true
g9rj 86f9 true false
bto2 czlr true true
f0bs 6pg4 true false
efqy 6pg4 false true
9s7g cayn false false
dpag cayn false true
h8g1 a7p2 true false
fg0g 7t4x false true
5v4g 60fb false true
j60h cpcg false false
3ru2 6pg4 true true
2sp2 8gnt false true
aso3 girt true true
ccbz 7t4x true false
79r9 cpcg true true
9un4 czlr false true
3csk czlr false true
4xmu cayn true false
1us7 6pg4 true false
d9ls hl7s false true
22lt cayn false false
1kv1 cpcg true true
2itg 6rub false false
7b7w cpcg false false
ahi7 cpcg true true
a5mq 60fb false false
xeg 86f9 false true
fssd 33by true false
3fm7 6pg4 false false
72v2 8gnt true true
11eh czlr true true
1i07 8gnt true true
g6ln 6pg4 false true
xtb czlr false false
69be 60fb false false
cnwk czlr true false
efvv czlr false true
d5w9 6l4q true true
c2v7 czlr false false
4npn czlr true true
82wb czlr false true
gq9c cpcg false true
jmcm cpcg false true
h3ip cpcg false false
97dk cayn false true
bbip czlr false false
bkte axsj true false
asy7 6rub true true
7w9m kthw false false
1frp 6rub false true
5c3o 6pg4 false false
l0wc 7t4x false true
aug4 6pg4 true true
cpzu 60fb true true
jf3m 33by false false
jmq2 6pg4 false true
44l3 cayn false true
ldp3 6l4q false false
kzb7 7t4x true true
9qn7 6pg4 false true
gtjt hl7s false false
bp61 czlr true true
8o9e czlr false true
ihhg czlr true false
gz93 czlr false true
k6ay 33by true false
cmgn 6rub true false
juk5 czlr true false
69lf czlr true false
6725 33by false true
hrdd 7t4x true true
g2pq cayn true false
e3lk cpcg false false
8oi0 8gnt true true
69l1 cayn true true
9dl7 33by false false
4t2p axsj true true
e765 7t4x false false
jamp 6pg4 true true
ij31 33by true false
td5 33by true false
2wd3 7t4x false false
eej9 6rub true true
1t1y 6rub false false
f5ly 6pg4 false true
dij 6rub true false
4kia 6pg4 true true
icnm cpcg true true
87b6 7t4x true false
cykg cpcg false true
hvhm 6pg4 true false
gfaq cayn true true
i2dw 60fb true false
l4gt 86f9 false false
8mpn cpcg true true
6bo1 czlr true false
2v28 czlr false false
iozt 6pg4 true false
9877 7t4x true true
gkuh 8gnt false false
w4l cayn true true
g3e6 cayn false false
2nko 6pg4 true true
c1j4 cayn true true
dn7e cayn true false
hg4 7t4x false false
103t cayn false false
gdl2 cayn false true
37xf cpcg true true
bipc 33by false false
9g1a 6l4q true true
gbt6 cayn true false
835b 6l4q false true
bbmy 6pg4 true true
i32n cayn true true
eebc 60fb true false
f8f3 cayn false true
g2tf 86f9 false true
3g6x cayn true false
1g5r czlr true false
kaf8 jqeh true true
1621 kthw false true
kzn6 6l4q false false
lam3 86f9 false true
ahm8 6rub true false
bzc 7t4x true false
5dnl 33by true true
2u29 czlr false true
8nit 7t4x true false
t6r 6l4q false false
kcot czlr true true
gr8t czlr true false
fp5d czlr true true
brx1 33by false false
c24c kthw true false
bm5y 33by true false
9s7o czlr false true
9gb5 6l4q true true
68gm 33by false false
2had 6pg4 false true
9x5k cpcg false false
fr9z 33by true true
3ylm 8gnt true true
47q3 6pg4 false false
ldtu 86f9 true false
hvy9 cpcg false true
g5zr 6rub false false
3kcc girt false true
8h7g cayn false true
dwzq cayn false true
85xg 60fb false false
b418 6rub false true
98jo 6rub false true
etwe czlr false false
1bja 6pg4 false false
81np cpcg true false
9uo5 86f9 true false
g4yh 82wq false true
gkjj 7t4x true false
bu2c cayn false true
idhz 6l4q false true
3gyo 33by false true
24ag 7t4x true true
jqpi 7t4x false true
geay inug true false
3pzg axsj false false
fodm kthw false false
e0gh czlr false true
l4on 33by false true
jkaz czlr true false
24gl 6pg4 true false
5291 6rub false false
gn01 cayn false false
2y3w cayn true true
azof 6pg4 false false
jhm5 czlr true true
hhr8 60fb true true
kdaj cpcg true true
57cx czlr false false
19dl 6l4q false false
848s 8gnt true true
jldq 6rub true true
cqzc czlr false true
7l2p cayn false false
ejdx 33by false true
5yla 86f9 false false
f05q 6pg4 false true
i7f0 7t4x true true
f0tp 60fb true true
gvmo czlr false false
fcs9 6pg4 false true
5otz cpcg true false
ctss 6pg4 true false
ipxx czlr true true
hnoz czlr true false
aru5 czlr true true
fzgf 33by true true
i54i czlr true true
8fzp cayn false true
dlz6 6pg4 true true
jlgu cpcg true false
cd90 4f6w false true
aa4q cayn true true
2t9l 7t4x true true
etd6 aef8 false true
2ixq cayn true false
bdak 6pg4 false false
7c6a 7t4x true true
4zdy 6l4q false true
3ws7 7t4x false true
j6gr 7t4x true false
ej87 czlr true true
1lsw 6rub false false
2ma1 cpcg false false
8pru cayn false true
j3x 6l4q true false
gti4 czlr true false
biui czlr true true
dotq cpcg false true
ewdz czlr false false
c96h 6pg4 false true
27cw cpcg false false
kl4k axsj true false
9g2p cayn false false
diz7 czlr false true
hdr2 33by true true
6b7y czlr true true
j75p 6pg4 false true
kbp9 czlr true true
gsbp 7t4x false true
ghga czlr false false
8am1 gcdx false true
5znq cayn false true
jahw czlr false true
fdmd 86f9 false false
3hq6 czlr false false
e1db czlr false true
cjxw czlr false true
81ih 6rub false true
hzkq 86f9 true true
40d7 cpcg true false
hdsn cayn true false
fiju czlr true false
2e7o kthw false true
8idi cayn false false
1o0u 7t4x false true
ldwf 86f9 false true
1893 60fb false false
l8mz czlr false true
htp4 7t4x true true
b1u2 6pg4 true true
i7j 7t4x false true
8m1q cpcg false true
k070 6pg4 false false
9i10 6pg4 true false
k4qb 8gnt false false
7gwh 7t4x true true
3irt kthw true false
cmkw cpcg true false
5adr 6pg4 false true
74u6 cpcg true true
3c5o czlr true false
c5qq girt true false
hbm0 33by false true
2zd9 cpcg true true
4v0v czlr true true
dumc czlr false true
jf3h czlr false true
kcsh 86f9 true true
1joe czlr false true
8myh 33by false false
4dad kthw false false
4iob cpcg true true
2b91 czlr true false
8nyv 6pg4 true false
l2zj 6rub false false
5qnw cayn false false
cil9 cayn true true
g423 6pg4 false false
5dco gcdx true true
fuz6 86f9 true true
4yz4 cpcg false false
10te cayn false true
80t 60fb false true
326w cayn true true
fltz 7t4x false false
bp5u czlr false true
efof cayn false false
dgs0 czlr true false
ezsg inug false true
ju8v 6l4q true false
gs9v cayn false false
glv8 7t4x true true
ck2d cayn false true
6lnn czlr true false
58ig czlr false true
49sm cpcg false false
cg2d czlr false true
ft6g 33by false true
2aj9 czlr false true
iwxz 6rub false false
1ie5 czlr false true
584i cayn false false
ya8 7t4x true false
6fmx 33by true true
fk7i 6l4q false true
3lma 7t4x false false
a55d cayn true false
gvrf 6l4q true false
i97q 8gnt true false
h6r 86f9 false true
1v5i czlr false true
f81s czlr true false
jm0p czlr false true
iejz czlr false false
7wi7 cayn true false
lp9 cpcg true true
bwlv cpcg true true
18aj cpcg false false
b0ua cpcg true false
3i4f cayn false false
jwpm axsj false false
jky3 czlr false false
3cct 6pg4 false false
7994 cayn true true
7ztt kthw true false
af13 6pg4 true true
daj3 cayn true false
dp2r 6pg4 true false
fs01 cpcg false true
l9u2 cayn false false
fb84 by42 true true
45jn czlr true true
d9ha czlr true true
hx5a cayn true true
84vu czlr false true
hbi7 6rub false false
ic2m 6rub false true
38vm jvb8 false true
6ldg czlr false false
fzvh kthw false false
7pvl czlr false false
a5l 7t4x false true
j7gs 8gnt true true
9ts4 czlr true true
180x 6pg4 true true
k785 cayn false false
hlew 8gnt true false
5n18 czlr false true
d64p czlr false false
94zh 6pg4 false true
gjr0 cpcg true false
l3vg hl7s false true
8axf cayn false true
bx1a 6pg4 true true
2vdm cayn true false
8vca hl7s false true
7tyn 7t4x false false
3a4z 33by false false
kcd3 6l4q false true
30np cayn true false
fxre 6pg4 false true
5c0b 7t4x false false
hvil 7t4x false false
errn czlr false false
ffd8 czlr false true
apbp aef8 false false
16aq czlr true false
c9b8 86f9 false false
hsna 8gnt false false
c21n cpcg true true
4ajk czlr true false
bqdc czlr false false
jrq0 6l4q false false
649u cpcg true true
f0dc 60fb false false
66vs 33by true false
2c0k czlr false true
5f4s 7t4x false true
cxnf 6l4q true false
50s2 7t4x false false
3vfe 33by true true
88i2 33by false true
40s7 6rub false true
i3v4 cayn false false
2ejj cpcg true false
8o2r girt true true
49eu 8gnt true true
hs5j czlr false true
bbzz cayn true true
7c82 cayn true false
6kaf cayn true false
7m7t hl7s true false
d32f 7t4x false true
h3me 6l4q true true
bmne czlr false true
8r4 8gnt true false
hr96 6pg4 true false
q62 8gnt false true
jvi7 hl7s false true
b2zn 7t4x true true
b42r czlr false false
ct6l 6rub false true
2ow7 cayn true false
hm1h cpcg true false
9l5n czlr true true
9ux cayn true true
f496 33by true false
gve2 33by true true
f2w 33by false false
e9ga 8gnt true true
giz1 cayn false false
81tf cayn false false
cgcd 6rub true true
h39o cpcg true true
jeta 33by true true
dwvv 8gnt true false
ktwe 6pg4 false true
djfv cpcg false false
kkzu 6pg4 true true
a7y8 czlr false true
hutd 6rub false true
hq02 cpcg false true
57y2 60fb true true
fs0d 6pg4 false true
r7w inug false false
hmtm 60fb false true
8d0n cayn true true
8paa 60fb true false
j0zo cpcg false false
hxt5 cayn false false
5ko0 8gnt true true
iwxb czlr true false
5i6y cayn true false
4b7c 33by true true
cpdl czlr true true
85jx 86f9 true false
hysm czlr false true
cseq cpcg false false
1mnm 86f9 false false
3w9n jvb8 true true
43d8 6rub true false
3coy axsj true false
c46z 7t4x true true
ufi 7t4x true true
5a48 czlr false false
owc czlr true false
bsdo czlr false false
8et8 6l4q true false
7k6x czlr true true
5u4d 33by false true
f7q0 6pg4 true true
bjmx cayn true true
cmix czlr true false
cmaj czlr true false
31hh czlr true false
dodh 6rub false true
cs62 czlr false false
hdxv cpcg true true
7uen cayn true false
l8uy cayn true false
5w72 aef8 true false
gulg 6l4q true false
cuzd cayn true true
i0d8 cayn false false
338 czlr false true
zie cayn true true
fagb cayn false true
a166 cayn false true
hhs1 czlr false true
f2nj cayn true false
7cnz 7t4x true false
5b0h 6l4q true false
ajju czlr true false
72w1 cayn false false
8lsl czlr false false
1730 cpcg false false
35dx cayn false true
4sof 6pg4 false true
h88h 7t4x false false
bphi czlr false true
dhzu czlr false false
b24f 6pg4 false true
f1w0 czlr false true
khvp cpcg false false
jbwf 6pg4 false true
86ae cpcg true true
bska hl7s false true
936h czlr false false
b7tg 86f9 true true
do6i cpcg false false
ej2w 7t4x true false
efp3 6pg4 true false
1us6 cayn true true
804y 6pg4 true true
72x6 6pg4 false false
h0jx czlr true false
b6sx cpcg true false
e28n axsj false false
l65f 6pg4 false true
c5pf 6pg4 true true
3iv4 cayn false true
bsrc czlr false true
c0n7 6rub false false
jk37 czlr false true
2uv4 hl7s false false
5kv7 7t4x false true
4fyc 7t4x true true
5d3f cpcg false true
3s3o 86f9 false false
dk0c 7t4x true false
e1um 33by true false
21fl 8gnt false false
2kpy hl7s true true
34qp 33by true false
5cvw cpcg false false
eeje 7t4x false false
f471 czlr true true
198u 6l4q true false
2bfg czlr true false
d1qe 33by false false
7rvf czlr false true
4km8 6pg4 true false
g505 6pg4 true true
md8 kthw false false
b6iv czlr true false
6vzd czlr false true
ky27 czlr true true
4puz cpcg false false
h1ix cayn true true
ctfk 6pg4 true false
9083 6pg4 true true
cw31 cayn false true
k2ts jvb8 true false
hzaw 33by true true
kwk5 8gnt false true
vfb 7t4x true false
l9c1 axsj false false
j4l0 czlr true true
766e 6pg4 false false
hcig 6pg4 true true
e2cn 6pg4 true false
azbm kthw true false
i9in cayn false true
69p3 czlr false false
j09y 8gnt false false
kgnr 7t4x true true
44a3 cpcg false true
8pxy 6l4q false true
7pf5 6l4q true false
km0t girt false false
glgz girt false true
e6bz 6pg4 true true
ickm 33by true false
6mbx 8gnt true false
35jd 6pg4 false false
6su0 czlr true false
53cv 7t4x true false
16f6 33by false true
9ip2 6pg4 false false
5ao5 czlr false false
bnih cpcg false false
hym5 cayn false false
4hu2 60fb false true
3g7g 6pg4 true false
hu26 cayn true true
96y0 cayn true false
5bpt 8gnt true true
5sju 7t4x true true
3wvl 7t4x true false
92em czlr true true
g9ik 7t4x false true
63o5 cayn false true
1ut0 cayn false true
aw38 6pg4 false false
1au6 cayn true true
31y2 czlr true true
dyvm czlr false false
bf15 8gnt false false
82j2 aef8 false true
bkm2 cpcg false false
ec7o 6pg4 true false
3tje 7t4x false false
2cz6 33by true false
bydb 6l4q true false
4oro 6l4q true false
3mt0 czlr false true
hc3m czlr true false
6esk cpcg true false
r1m cayn false false
ecs8 cayn false true
dej8 7t4x false true
eh34 girt false true
5yz9 6pg4 false true
4mty cayn false false
4voz cayn false true
gmrk 6rub true false
6rkt 86f9 true false
66af cayn true false
55cu 7t4x true false
3ch2 86f9 true false
6f01 cayn true false
a5ei 7t4x true true
67q3 6pg4 false false
4brb 6pg4 false false
hfv0 czlr false false
718u 33by false false
j5cg cayn false true
c0uv czlr false false
d9a0 6pg4 true false
1sm1 cpcg false false
kxxi cayn true true
kuim czlr true true
a6jc hl7s true false
ja3v czlr false true
gfmj fa8y false false
k1q6 cayn true true
evt2 cayn false true
ivr cayn true true
8usv gcdx true true
jhl2 czlr true false
1mjm cpcg true false
f73o gcdx false true
94fz cayn false false
7yue czlr true false
eyph 6l4q true true
gqr3 33by false true
7a7j 8gnt false true
4avg 7t4x true true
icv7 czlr false true
452u 8gnt false false
5sfy jvb8 true true
hi0z czlr false false
8z 33by true false
8d99 czlr true false
4k2l 6l4q true false
fbiq 6pg4 true true
6b4d czlr false true
hqir 8gnt false false
5fpx 6l4q true false
doin cayn true false
exse 7t4x true false
9kun cayn false false
eree 7t4x false true
l7vj czlr true false
haxh 33by false false
g3q5 kthw true true
20ko jvb8 true true
bmk1 6l4q false false
e3hk 6pg4 true true
brba girt false true
a5n8 6pg4 true true
gz53 6pg4 true true
39c6 hl7s false false
16hd czlr true true
5g3p cayn false true
1r3p cayn false false
46iw cpcg false true
28vj 6pg4 false false
4jxc 6l4q true true
a0u9 cpcg true true
ejnj hl7s true true
aovj 82wq false true
7lbd hl7s true true
jiry 7t4x true false
bek4 8gnt true false
ciis 6pg4 false true
c1uq 8gnt false false
iil1 7t4x true true
fzdz czlr false false
1vkj 7t4x true true
5sd3 kthw true true
j28f jvb8 true false
bkes czlr true false
gqe3 cayn false true
2v26 gcdx false false
bvr9 czlr true false
ill2 6rub false true
db2s kthw false true
acbx cayn false false
895n 7t4x false false
3cii czlr false true
beb 60fb false true
2byr 6l4q true true
700o cayn true false
65i3 czlr true false
36sa cpcg false true
f5p1 cpcg true true
cn6j 33by false true
cag8 6pg4 true false
hv1 cayn false true
jls3 cayn false true
fp66 33by true true
hq31 czlr true true
iu3h czlr true true
cg0a cpcg false false
8bxz 33by true true
779 kthw true false
gm1g 6l4q true true
l374 cayn true true
a72p 7t4x false false
i3vc cayn true true
ae6p czlr true false
ie1s cayn false true
fm8l 6pg4 false true
jjso cayn false true
3nj4 czlr true true
bm6 6l4q false true
ixg2 kthw false true
ghm3 7t4x true true
7m45 7t4x true false
gcwa 7t4x true true
9gdw czlr true true
91no 60fb true true
fv7k cayn true false
ggy4 6pg4 true true
2yhy cpcg false false
8ttx 6l4q true false
7hxs cpcg true false
77tu czlr true true
6fq0 7t4x false true
6dh3 cayn false true
gl4o cayn false false
fqlw cayn true false
k25f czlr false true
iqu2 6pg4 false true
at5i aef8 true true
l2jb 6pg4 true false
5y4d 6rub true true
11df gms2 true true
9wik czlr true true
bn9u 33by false false
ey08 czlr true false
34x8 33by true true
2o7o cayn false true
ijph cpcg false false
67h2 czlr true true
ctrm cpcg false true
ggos cpcg false false
3spy hl7s true true
29dw cpcg true true
6bl3 6pg4 false true
8ch2 6l4q false true
70o9 6pg4 true true
9t2p 6pg4 false false
drzu cpcg false false
84vl axsj true false
5c5a 33by false true
8ps4 cayn false true
jz5a czlr false true
dqpf 7t4x false false
f8i3 6l4q false false
2uoj 86f9 false true
3ez7 czlr false false
f9nf cpcg true true
i5x1 cayn true true
8wou 60fb false true
8u8m 8gnt true false
28z cpcg false false
69v1 6rub false true
kif5 6pg4 false true
a550 6pg4 true false
k1lw czlr true false
32e0 cpcg true true
dwy0 60fb true true
45gn cayn true false
3e3d 8gnt false false
ir2g 7t4x true true
9ao2 czlr false true
vn3 6pg4 false true
ky6b 6l4q true true
ftl3 82wq false true
b8q8 33by true false
g28r czlr false false
ecwx czlr false true
ixik cayn true true
9d05 cayn false false
3uef czlr false false
hder cayn false true
1xwx 7t4x false true
6657 6pg4 true false
e29s cayn true false
d376 czlr false true
ijo1 czlr true false
cz1k 33by false false
ashy 33by true false
f393 86f9 true false
3tee cayn false false
fcl3 czlr false true
2sh5 czlr true false
4l5a jqeh false false
49y0 6rub false false
d03f 6pg4 true false
5nui 86f9 false true
khh5 6pg4 false false
6psz czlr false true
eq6h czlr false false
8rwr 6pg4 false true
252y cayn false true
famn 7t4x true true
imdp czlr true false
jrul cayn false true
1500 cayn false false
je4f czlr false false
cdmb 33by false false
c1ta czlr false true
5tp6 86f9 false false
12q1 czlr true true
jgna 6pg4 true false
g27x 6rub false true
5k3p 7t4x true false
69io cpcg true false
esjj cayn false false
5uzf hl7s true true
ae25 6pg4 true false
hahx cpcg false false
ifle kthw true false
wvk 60fb true true
3h9l girt false true
8avc cayn false false
1p3f 33by false false
810 6rub true true
frtk 6l4q false true
ah57 cayn true false
8v48 6rub false false
9bu3 cpcg true true
3hxb cayn true true
inwt cpcg true false
39yl 60fb false true
a3e7 cayn true true
ko3s 6rub false true
3dvb 7t4x false true
75rn czlr false false
1pc9 fa8y false true
2jt cayn false false
84mz 6l4q true false
bq2r 6pg4 true true
i0mc czlr false false
8zd6 czlr true true
9rt1 czlr true false
8wlu 6rub false false
iz4c czlr true false
4tnp 86f9 false false
i673 cayn true true
dz5w 60fb true true
2l6b czlr false false
gv68 cayn true false
8fhy 6pg4 true false
2okg 33by false false
7nn2 6rub true true
1rbe cayn true false
kgt5 cayn true true
ecrh czlr true false
gpzq 6l4q true true
5amd 6l4q true true
4t0e 7t4x false true
khl1 6pg4 true true
b26p cpcg true true
flb 7t4x true false
dfmd girt false false
2116 6pg4 true true
lyk cpcg true true
dina 6pg4 false true
27jq 6pg4 true true
7onj cpcg false true
c5uf czlr true false
b1l1 cpcg true true
5p53 cayn false false
1k7t 60fb false true
eavq cpcg false true
kxfg cayn true false
2omu 86f9 true false
6ws4 6l4q false false
i8h8 cayn true false
broc cayn false false
anu2 cpcg true true
5o6k 6pg4 true true
ayhe 33by true false
feqa czlr false true
3h7c czlr true false
ejql 33by true false
d613 33by true true
7h7x 6pg4 false false
kdyw cayn false true
3wob 8gnt true false
1qrz czlr true false
hqot 6pg4 false true
16cs cayn true true
adi4 33by true true
9xhd girt false false
g59d 7t4x false false
53zi czlr false true
ks7s 6pg4 false true
hetk 86f9 true false
d35u 7t4x false true
jkzg cayn false true
2fhu czlr true true
24zo 6l4q true false
eugv axsj false true
ilhv 6l4q false true
eq4q cayn true false
2qu0 33by true true
1ey2 czlr false true
betc 8gnt false true
20mr cayn true false
jfib 6l4q true true
jpmf 6pg4 true true
lbj9 cayn false true
82gw 33by true false
kp6q jvb8 true false
g26m 8gnt true true
916y 6pg4 true true
rsd 86f9 true false
kzyo czlr false true
2ps2 7t4x true true
89r2 7t4x true true
4ixw czlr false true
i6lo 6l4q true true
f5vn cayn true false
6yv 6pg4 false false
2sex czlr true false
6jtq cayn true true
e2ll cayn false false
8v64 6pg4 false false
kdci cpcg false true
bnol czlr true true
i2z8 czlr true false
abdh cayn true false
9rpo czlr true true
d1tx jvb8 false true
qht 8gnt false false
8z9g czlr false false
5uhg czlr false false
cj74 cpcg true false
6d02 cpcg false false
hrel cpcg false false
fx5c 7t4x true false
dlfd 60fb false true
kmb3 jqeh false true
140s 7t4x true true
1hab 33by true false
dpxo cpcg false false
e96z cpcg true true
dh7f 33by false false
fdrr czlr false true
5am aef8 false true
9b88 6pg4 false false
7ove cpcg false false
of8 33by false true
3h32 7t4x false false
ddg6 6l4q true true
2cb3 6pg4 true true
63lv 6rub false true
ifz0 cayn false true
5evl czlr false false
klug 6rub true true
fo6r hl7s false true
czyo cayn true true
dlri czlr true true
50b3 6pg4 true false
ejki 7t4x true false
e4md kthw false true
9klu czlr false true
ebx6 33by false false
9rsk cayn true false
9h1w cpcg true false
2bg7 6l4q true false
5dlt 6pg4 false true
ijjw czlr true true
gq45 6rub false true
fujy 8gnt false false
3lp3 cpcg true true
d704 czlr false true
f6g7 cpcg true true
t9w 6pg4 true true
k55t 33by false false
iii0 6l4q true false
1957 axsj false true
9nd9 czlr true true
9d8a cpcg true false
dwrz cpcg false false
g3di girt false false
cou hl7s true false
5o3f czlr true false
h91o cayn false true
3dr4 6pg4 false false
b8y3 kthw true true
hurz 86f9 true false
qvb 4f6w false false
h1xm 6rub true true
b0j3 czlr false false
3jxe cpcg false true
bzc8 7t4x false true
6bz cayn false false
8jr7 czlr false true
hv2r cayn true true
5vhq 6l4q true true
jxwg 6rub true false
83p5 33by false true
g7by cpcg false true
9ugz 6l4q false true
7zod 8gnt false false
7qda czlr true true
h989 7t4x true true
7487 hl7s true false
18e8 cayn false false
34io 6pg4 true false
gcmz 6pg4 false false
j58n czlr true false
1x8w 33by true false
7seh czlr true false
kcsa 6rub false true
l9l5 7t4x true true
3x1w cpcg false false
1vk1 33by true false
1b5r 6pg4 false true
jveu cpcg true true
6iu2 8gnt false false
6hqg 6rub true false
b284 czlr true true
il3n 33by true false
dra3 cpcg true true
r1r 33by true false
43bw cayn true false
gmhz 6l4q false false
3bnx cayn false true
1cws cpcg true false
j5k5 czlr true true
eiyh cayn true true
jlet 33by false false
j44t 6pg4 false false
5dbx 33by true true
2nb9 6pg4 false false
cb6q hl7s true false
je43 8gnt true true
e39s 6rub true true
jfxo 6pg4 true false
2mg6 czlr false true
fu1a 6rub false true
7le2 6pg4 true true
zyt cpcg true false
9x10 cayn false true
l0sx cayn true false
q75 33by false false
5axu czlr false true
7p6 cayn true true
j2lr 6rub false true
3ls5 cayn true true
1rnd 33by false true
69cm cayn true false
1cmy cayn false false
g71t 6pg4 true true
b4wy 7t4x true true
989x 33by false true
7xad cayn true false
7ro2 86f9 false false
9w3v 6pg4 false false
10cg czlr false true
d6d4 60fb false true
5i76 7t4x false false
cdp8 cpcg true false
34ue 6l4q false true
faf7 8gnt true false
2giz 6pg4 false true
h2xo cpcg false true
4ang 8gnt true true
a1lt 8gnt false true
akl7 33by false false
jzwl by42 false false
23ay cayn false false
2tj girt true true
f2k3 jvb8 true false
85iw cayn false false
la5j kthw false true
6ao 6pg4 true true
jbsv 6pg4 true true
7rpu cayn true false
axr2 gcdx true true
3uwf 6pg4 false true
6kz5 6pg4 true true
bgux 7t4x true false
k872 czlr true true
l10 cayn false true
fxo3 czlr true false
g9es cayn false true
4jho cpcg true false
960p 60fb false false
6ee4 cpcg true false
s6q 6pg4 false true
3x9x cpcg false true
f936 cpcg false false
5090 7t4x true true
9u7r 581h false false
gpwp czlr true true
4mcx gcdx false true
43bd kthw true false
4zfy czlr true false
l29q czlr true true
3n3n czlr true false
i0ab 6rub true true
68l cayn true true
j1d1 6pg4 false false
ab89 inug true true
753i cayn true true
59rb cayn true true
dw74 czlr false true
80ml 6pg4 false false
kz9c cpcg false false
9qo5 czlr false false
c0n8 6l4q true false
959m cayn false true
iy36 czlr true true
l85m 6pg4 true true
826v 6pg4 true true
j30l kthw false false
9em9 8gnt false true
eama czlr true false
dbw7 60fb false true
d3wv cpcg false true
85ca 6pg4 true false
2yw8 7t4x true true
21ey czlr false true
57u czlr false true
da61 czlr false false
gwu5 cpcg true true
2740 60fb false true
91hd czlr true false
l3x5 cayn false false
5wg8 7t4x false false
i360 6rub true true
fnnd 6l4q false true
gbx3 6l4q false false
afpt cayn false true
ii9j czlr false true
b1uz 8gnt false true
l5ri czlr false false
ktj1 cayn false false
gw84 cayn false false
1hxa czlr true false
hyg7 cpcg true false
hslo czlr true true
cot7 axsj false true
dpn3 axsj true true
ehdx 7t4x true false
fdhv 6rub true false
h5x8 cayn true true
gcun 6rub true false
7s55 6l4q false true
b35w cpcg false true
3i6j cpcg true true
kd4u 6rub false false
4ghg 6pg4 false true
2ki9 czlr true false
4t50 7t4x false true
wbq czlr false true
g75 7t4x false true
f6b2 33by true true
ea81 cayn true false
1i88 6rub false true
89tg czlr false true
khe9 7t4x false true
e3ij cpcg false true
3o58 6pg4 true true
le6g czlr true false
1z0b 6pg4 true true
g11m czlr false false
5mkx cpcg true false
21uk 6pg4 false false
jq72 czlr true true
9gj2 7t4x true true
15o6 6rub false false
bysj 6rub true true
55ab 7t4x false false
km44 jqeh false false
5bv5 6pg4 true true
8lqu cpcg true true
a9cj 6pg4 false false
hhsp 33by false false
452h kthw true false
3clx 6l4q false true
i2vk 7t4x true true
3kje cpcg true true
e34h 7t4x true false
a8a3 6pg4 false false
54nd cpcg false true
5lma czlr true true
3y6s 33by false true
903c 33by true true
9zpb 33by true true
7gs3 cayn true true
7ncn 33by true false
jzy8 7t4x false false
j9ar cayn true true
7qou 6pg4 false true
j3z2 czlr true true
al9 7t4x false false
1c6a czlr false true
kmsc cayn false false
bj1q cpcg true false
4rvj inug true false
6j1h girt false true
fklf 6pg4 false false
3lgt cayn true false
fxw0 czlr false false
5wxh czlr true false
1lsc czlr false false
f8ch czlr false true
zk czlr true false
csod 6l4q false false
jpbh 8gnt true true
6vcw 8gnt false true
6noy 6pg4 false false
3viw kthw false true
crwu cpcg true false
1uqy czlr false false
3if cpcg false true
4qly czlr true true
ftal czlr true false
bd7n 6pg4 false false
2ncb 7t4x true true
7trs cpcg false false
dxm7 8gnt true false
4thk cpcg true true
86q 60fb true false
5bvf 6pg4 true true
5buk 33by true false
f05e 33by true true
iuzp 86f9 true true
2bts czlr true true
j6g1 kthw true true
5p1q cpcg true true
bgnl 6pg4 true false
99ny 6pg4 false true
jcna czlr false false
kh97 czlr true false
26xs 6l4q false true
ko5z 6rub false false
9yd5 6pg4 false true
hu9q cayn false true
4rr3 6l4q false false
ccuw czlr false false
7ydu cpcg false true
fh97 czlr true true
7kww 6pg4 true false
c8s6 6rub false false
iavt 33by true true
1gk3 cpcg false true
54p6 60fb true false
frup czlr false false
7sg5 7t4x false true
ehcf cpcg false false
jxr6 czlr false true
acic czlr false true
ab7c cayn true false
bv3 czlr true true
iz5k czlr true false
jwh8 33by true false
34lf czlr true false
gfq5 cpcg true false
kw89 6pg4 true false
l427 7t4x false true
6npb 6pg4 false false
9stb czlr false true
5dsk cayn false true
gi2n czlr true false
icp2 cayn false true
2vza hl7s false true
19i0 6rub true false
18bl 7t4x true false
8h2b cayn true false
946z 6pg4 false true
6z0g cpcg true false
16l4 6pg4 false false
hlxd cayn true true
k5oo 7t4x true true
f4qm 33by false false
j1ur 6pg4 false true
6wh8 cayn true false
d43b 6pg4 false true
9uu4 cayn true false
360y 6pg4 false false
8uqs 6pg4 false false
at51 90jx true false
e4w5 33by false true
20hx cayn false true
740m 86f9 false true
bp2f girt true true
3ysj czlr true false
4t9z cayn true true
ii8w 6l4q true true
bga2 6l4q false true
h4so cayn true true
8g30 cayn false true
7o7j 7t4x true false
g5k8 cayn true true
766w czlr true true
bg0m 60fb false false
uxb cpcg true true
6398 axsj true true
5277 czlr true true
hcvh czlr true true
3nq1 czlr false false
a8nz cayn true true
9chc 8gnt false false
69iy 7t4x true false
curp 6l4q false true
2whk 33by true true
fz0u axsj false true
bolo cpcg true true
3qff kthw false false
kvlx cayn false true
3th3 cpcg true true
joy5 cayn true false
8ts4 7t4x false false
btd 6pg4 true true
l0do czlr false true
90ff czlr false true
vcb cpcg true false
3hqt czlr true true
htid 6l4q true false
22s3 6l4q true true
3rf7 cayn false true
6cgs 6pg4 true false
bfs 7t4x false true
hhzr 6pg4 true false
cpq1 czlr false true
korq 6l4q true false
hjrc 6pg4 false true
a7kv 60fb false false
b0ws czlr false true
f8nc 6pg4 true false
36gn cpcg true false
ghv2 7t4x true false
5uyv czlr true true
l4wn 6pg4 true false
78fb 86f9 true true
38nv kthw true true
3f0z 7t4x false false
98q0 czlr false false
6vyf cayn true true
1pln 6pg4 true true
cv90 czlr true true
hc27 6rub true true
k2to czlr true false
2rqx czlr false false
by3s czlr false false
j1cz axsj false false
ab8u czlr false true
3jmk cpcg false true
1kh3 cpcg false false
287b cpcg true true
9w7o 6pg4 true true
gh6m cpcg false true
bdy4 czlr false true
5ze0 33by true true
b1ls hl7s false true
58ar 60fb false true
gfab cpcg false false
bwno cpcg false false
4wfh 6rub false false
b658 33by true false
38h3 czlr true true
49re 86f9 true false
gvma inug false true
i1w9 6pg4 true false
3nlj hl7s false false
7jh9 czlr false false
5max cayn true false
5hf9 cpcg false false
765u cayn false true
hyq5 cpcg false true
4smh axsj true false
7rhj girt false true
evpw jvb8 false true
k6cl cayn false true
9skz 6pg4 false false
6m4s cpcg false true
cvul 60fb false true
1g91 cayn false true
dqk7 czlr false true
h18c 7t4x true true
5ism 6l4q false false
irrc cayn false true
fmi3 kthw true true
j6np czlr false false
4lxd czlr true false
j80u 33by false true
4uji czlr true true
11d7 cpcg false true
bep czlr false true
82w cpcg false true
bfcw czlr false false
399z cpcg false true
b8e cpcg true false
f3ci 6rub true true
eu79 cayn false false
ld9r czlr true false
iilx 33by true true
cm0m cpcg true false
2106 33by true true
8r6d aef8 false false
7q9o czlr true false
6bvs axsj false false
aqie czlr false false
aejk 6pg4 false false
saq 6l4q false true
1qfv 7t4x true true
byqy czlr false true
lbdw czlr false false
gnrm 6pg4 true false
8v7v czlr true true
a1ss 6pg4 false false
c2m5 6pg4 true true
kaol czlr true true
b0uz 6pg4 true true
k79j hl7s false true
6c7q czlr false false
7t5w 86f9 true true
gjge 6rub false false
9x6 6rub true true
7hnv 6pg4 false true
6mgy 8gnt false false
4981 by42 true false
wzx 6pg4 false false
4ax8 axsj false false
9ljk 1rvg true false
fcr9 czlr false true
epbk 6pg4 false true
dm8g czlr false false
9uss cayn false false
gw81 cayn false true
5r6s czlr true false
iram cpcg true true
2yqa 6pg4 false true
c3v4 6pg4 true true
f1gv 7t4x true true
ftr9 86f9 false true
go9o cayn false true
6y44 86f9 true false
hiva czlr true false
gjwc 33by false true
2lom 33by false false
g571 cpcg true true
km2y 33by true true
hy6 czlr true false
sxp cayn true true
kmw6 6pg4 true false
juej czlr false true
7xks cpcg true false
5h5u cayn false true
9wj2 gcdx false true
93jd 7t4x false false
8r3v 7t4x false true
b31m cayn true true
e9m0 cayn false false
9v8i 6pg4 false false
gubd czlr true false
4max cpcg false true
dimt czlr true true
fh0y 6pg4 false true
1uwl 7t4x false false
3rsb cayn true true
ki0p czlr false false
g4uu czlr true false
cx8 6l4q true false
8kvz 6pg4 false true
9asf cpcg false true
7n6l czlr false false
6hny kthw true false
azjf czlr false false
4hka cayn true true
kaqj cpcg false false
3duv kthw true false
d83q 8gnt true false
8qli cpcg true true
322x cpcg true true
d3wn 6pg4 false false
5guz czlr true true
730q 6rub false false
idaq 6pg4 false false
12hh jqeh true false
ims9 cayn false true
5m1o cayn true true
hpo9 czlr false false
8iry czlr false false
flca 33by false true
mom 60fb true false
crsa cayn true true
7qpb cpcg false false
iaho cayn false true
csnh 33by true true
pek 6l4q true false
g2eq czlr false false
dxaj 6l4q true true
645h czlr true true
86dm czlr true true
3nvb 6rub true true
ew93 cpcg true true
7fdi cayn false true
2ue0 6l4q true true
24jq cpcg false false
h557 6pg4 false true
3s8o cayn true false
twm 7t4x true false
k45i cpcg false true
82n9 cpcg true false
kmd hl7s false true
2mcr jqeh true true
9szu czlr false true
jm0z 6pg4 false true
2yxy cpcg false false
gaae 6l4q false true
km83 cpcg true false
i0g1 6pg4 true false
a0uc 6rub false false
3ahy cpcg false true
ehmn 33by true false
al1s 6pg4 false true
4q9h kthw true true
7df0 6pg4 true true
e51t 6rub false true
iaeb czlr true true
ktw czlr true true
h47s cayn false true
awv4 7t4x false true
hxrv czlr false false
7lkm 6pg4 false true
2uh9 6rub false true
elrg 86f9 false false
5qg4 cayn false true
845s axsj true false
hfmn 6pg4 true true
3stx cpcg false false
1hpj czlr true true
k2ae 86f9 false false
kj26 cayn false true
1cqs 86f9 true true
b9pg cpcg false false
870o 6pg4 true false
awkm 60fb true true
1gki 33by true false
da4i czlr true true
7by3 hl7s false true
5moj cayn true false
105w 6rub true true
8ka9 cayn false true
bp1t cayn false false
djjz czlr false false
i6h 7t4x true true
7ep2 czlr true false
b0ui 60fb true false
fily 6rub false false
hvrw jvb8 true true
49xg 7t4x false false
78x9 86f9 true false
79n8 girt false false
gmw8 6l4q true false
dzxi 6pg4 true true
abqd 6pg4 false true
1o8 6l4q false false
37bx 7t4x false false
a599 czlr false true
762a cpcg false true
dilm 8gnt true false
dx77 60fb true true
ef1h 6pg4 true false
90ua 33by false false
6yhr cayn true true
3rlt 6pg4 false false
lad2 aef8 true true
kzev czlr true true
ba1c 6rub false false
hej4 6pg4 true false
43og cayn true false
ec51 czlr true true
80xy czlr true false
bhwm cpcg true false
fesb jqeh true true
dmot czlr true true
2bsy 60fb false false
6dq0 6pg4 true true
9vze cayn false false
h7qu 6pg4 false true
626p czlr false true
75v5 cayn false true
484u 6pg4 false true
9h4b 6pg4 true false
b3kw 33by true false
eh8z czlr false true
e3qk 6pg4 false true
bym3 7t4x false false
dx4w 33by false true
ct2e 6pg4 true false
kfr1 czlr false false
6xbh 6rub true false
4o88 kthw false false
2jqo czlr false true
hed6 czlr false false
k6bl cayn true true
a06n czlr false false
fu5t cayn true true
f6zf 8gnt true true
jdpo 60fb false false
5t6k 6pg4 true false
9cgp cpcg true true
b3sv cayn true false
k2yy czlr true true
epdo 60fb false true
bxvz 7t4x false false
gwz7 czlr true true
ajn9 kthw true false
ecz1 czlr true true
2l2c czlr false true
8yyq cayn false true
kjr9 cpcg false true
y8e 7t4x true false
5rx5 7t4x false true
i1kb cayn false false
kjgz cayn true true
fjf gcdx false true
672 6l4q false false
4zby czlr true true
25es cayn true false
kdz5 cayn false false
3mvi 7t4x true false
1kup cpcg false true
9res 7t4x true false
92v7 czlr true true
71j2 cayn false false
94qw 6pg4 true false
9jp3 cayn false true
af5v cayn true true
76qg czlr true true
d66i czlr false true
cni5 8gnt true true
b6z3 60fb true true
9vsx cayn true false
hrpi czlr true false
7kwb cayn false true
bl3z 6pg4 true true
4dgi 6pg4 false false
ba7l cpcg false false
5qrw czlr false true
jlpp czlr true true
hj6o 6l4q true false
3ntu cayn false true
7sza czlr false true
hm9x inug true false
s9l 6rub false true
f680 cayn true true
inqz cayn true false
k9z3 7t4x true false
6l1p 6pg4 true true
ak9 czlr false true
aups czlr true false
hant 7t4x true false
drsh 6rub true false
jdn5 33by false true
2803 33by false false
91rl 6l4q true true
8mqs 33by false false
hgc2 7t4x true true
da2l hl7s true false
fiso 6pg4 true false
airb cpcg false false
9mj0 czlr true false
1s3n 7t4x true false
iygi czlr true true
338y cpcg false false
l6ra czlr true false
73mh czlr false true
hgvh 6rub false true
26x2 cpcg true true
4hxf 6l4q false true
whu cayn false false
3pxf cayn false false
8r9b 86f9 true true
5kpg cpcg true false
echh 6pg4 true true
fmz2 6rub true false
bgkm czlr true false
hl2z cayn true false
h86i cayn true true
3pz4 cpcg true true
1o3k cpcg true false
jx6h 8gnt false false
hiki 86f9 false false
2w9b cpcg false true
av92 cayn true true
jsge 7t4x false false
kcyu cpcg false true
270k 7t4x false true
9oxm czlr true false
cksv cayn false true
eda2 6pg4 false true
inf0 czlr false true
f1vg 60fb false true
42ds cayn true true
gkkm 86f9 false false
bakv 33by true true
bzua 6pg4 true false
irdp cayn false true
jygg czlr true false
h33r 6l4q true false
47ii 7t4x false true
bbt1 cayn true false
4n9s cpcg true false
u4w cpcg true false
63w5 7t4x true false
26un cayn false true
aass 855g true true
bgpz 33by false false
d8ax hl7s true true
dtaf czlr true true
53di 6pg4 false true
f2zj czlr true true
373t cayn true true
4m9d czlr true false
9geb 8gnt false false
h7bo czlr true true
ctex cpcg false true
1w2e cayn true false
2mk9 33by true true
3c40 czlr true true
g44s hl7s false true
bjwe 6pg4 false true
hy0s cayn false false
55z1 6l4q false true
20xb cayn false false
fo8c cpcg true true
irb0 hl7s false true
1x09 czlr true false
e8kw czlr true false
dm49 czlr true false
84jg 7t4x false true
ijn5 cayn false false
9m8m 6pg4 false false
ebim 60fb true false
h0s8 1rvg false false
k5mi 6rub true false
fcq1 czlr false false
fmkk 33by true false
48mg 60fb true false
1iai cayn false false
1vls 6rub true false
3lx1 7t4x false false
7gy8 7t4x true true
f4cy 60fb false true
h1dk czlr true false
1c27 czlr true true
dcyr 6pg4 true true
5z91 cayn false false
hku4 cayn true false
35w4 8gnt false false
fct3 6pg4 true false
abck cayn true false
h88m 33by false true
izx3 czlr true true
2gg5 cayn true false
ev1j 33by false false
6von 6rub true false
5ojp czlr true false
2rji 86f9 true false
bynz cayn true false
5ig4 czlr false false
4p28 6pg4 true false
fkhq cayn false false
gfjj 33by false false
fnbv 33by true false
jgy cayn false false
4elt czlr true true
ewp6 kthw true true
f9qo cpcg false true
gscr czlr true true
91k0 czlr true true
f8w7 33by true false
10bl cayn false true
81lx 6pg4 false false
dabr kthw false false
6gap 86f9 false true
9mwi jvb8 false true
f88m czlr false false
eqj3 czlr true true
dm4m 6pg4 false false
9x8m 7t4x true false
iz3m 7t4x false true
dzr4 82wq false false
lfid 6rub false true
cjyc 6l4q true false
ek7j hl7s false true
3n7o czlr false false
9663 czlr true false
h9wy czlr true false
axy2 86f9 true true
gviq 6pg4 false true
af2t cpcg true false
1wpd cayn false true
ew7c cpcg false true
9ukt 7t4x true false
fs8s eonr false false
hlwz 86f9 true true
jalx 8gnt true true
al4p cayn false true
4mnd cayn false true
ax7 33by false true
g5v3 7t4x false false
3hxy 6pg4 true false
hbw2 czlr true false
j7d6 czlr true true
mc3 33by false true
5chw 6pg4 true true
4z1d kthw true true
57hu cayn true true
83mc 6pg4 false true
5oh6 cpcg false false
4163 33by false true
kfnt cpcg false true
26q8 cpcg false false
kldo kthw true false
32fb czlr true true
ybv fa8y false false
67c2 czlr false true
eg50 czlr false true
5ufw cpcg true false
apcb czlr true true
dcgm czlr false true
8kn1 cpcg false true
eeik 33by true false
7egf 6pg4 true false
b7rx 7t4x false false
24ce czlr false false
j3vh 86f9 true true
5uqh czlr false false
dg4u 33by false false
78p5 cayn true true
ipik 6pg4 false false
dadd 6rub true false
5wlp 6pg4 true true
cae3 7t4x false false
l1ux 6pg4 true true
d05z czlr false false
izd4 33by true true
bqmw cayn false false
azos cpcg false false
1h79 7t4x true false
gqfp cayn false false
iu04 czlr true false
d979 33by false true
ctuz 6rub false false
d9s5 czlr true false
l806 7t4x false true
fxby czlr false false
1s57 czlr true false
b4zf cpcg false false
l9qd cpcg true false
795d 8gnt false true
9qkf czlr true true
k11y cayn false false
fnwx 6pg4 false true
de2w 60fb true false
74j cpcg true true
evcc 6pg4 true true
bm2r axsj true true
g9nn czlr false false
baos kthw true false
hcrq czlr true false
cl7k 8gnt true true
jnbf hl7s true true
lbdw 33by false false
6150 axsj false false
i20p 7t4x false false
keba 6pg4 true true
ajnq czlr false true
cjn5 33by false false
92u3 czlr false false
2ax6 6pg4 true false
3b93 6pg4 false true
2vow 33by true true
7woi jvb8 true true
t5w cayn true false
6f7b cpcg false false
3o2u 7t4x true false
1nej 6pg4 false false
ahu 6rub true true
apfl 86f9 true false
bh9r czlr false false
i1xy czlr false false
8tz7 cayn false true
3p8y czlr true false
jqc2 cpcg true true
4hif cayn true false
e92a 6pg4 false false
547d cayn false false
3jnu cayn false true
iw1u 6pg4 false true
2g6w 7t4x true false
ido7 cayn false true
i7va 33by false true
f3v1 6rub true false
jqyb 6pg4 false false
ds5f cayn false true
aira 8gnt false false
hugw cayn true false
kss3 cpcg true true
4qlr 6rub false false
j57u 7t4x false false
bzvz kthw true false
1gmk czlr true true
a11o 86f9 true false
58qi cayn true false
6z6h czlr true true
g2ie cayn true false
8nt5 cayn false false
ap2e 6pg4 false true
it9n hl7s true false
ai2q czlr true true
it5o 6pg4 false true
jp0s cayn true false
hac2 cpcg true false
35q7 cayn false false
94ld cayn false false
3yna 7t4x false false
hw3h 33by false false
e2dz 6pg4 false true
a522 czlr true true
1ir3 7t4x true true
4psi 33by true false
1csv cayn true true
hux1 cayn true true
gm4r 7t4x false true
ldf8 86f9 false false
hvt 7t4x false true
p6q 6pg4 false true
ej3n 33by true true
d34j 33by true true
2dcn 6rub true true
7rnr cpcg false true
2kf6 6l4q true true
h4c8 33by false false
49ye cayn false false
l8uw 7t4x false false
4626 7t4x true true
hf7y 86f9 true false
ef1d cayn false true
bme0 czlr true true
2tcw 33by false true
cej2 czlr true false
fba2 cpcg false false
a8y9 6pg4 true false
40r3 33by false false
fnuh cpcg true false
3cre 33by false true
kscv 86f9 false false
bnwl cpcg false true
j0w4 czlr false false
9l6f czlr true false
fror cayn true false
36ye czlr true true
kchd 1rvg false true
6pto cayn false false
ah2t hl7s true false
dvh6 czlr true true
je9z 6pg4 false true
2z8o cpcg false true
cv79 kthw false false
brvh czlr false true
bmhy 6pg4 true false
9umw 7t4x true true
fnf5 inug false true
76jq cayn true true
9qxm 33by false true
b7ok jvb8 false true
2pvg 60fb true false
fvec 6pg4 true true
gqjq 8gnt true true
so2 7t4x true false
6rwy czlr false false
lbcp 33by true true
8psf cpcg false false
a6v4 czlr false true
7exf gcdx false false
2sg5 6pg4 true false
1rqh 7t4x true false
26iw 6pg4 false false
3jkn cpcg false false
lvf cayn true false
laag czlr false true
gszw cayn true true
k09t 60fb true false
jznx 6pg4 true false
ccue axsj true true
k32j 33by true true
z78 cayn true true
66l5 7t4x false false
kqqe cpcg true true
8y2r 60fb false false
cpbw gcdx false true
14fd czlr true true
cgus girt true false
7q5e czlr false false
i05y cpcg true false
guop cayn false false
a9pd 33by true true
hb67 kthw false false
5cbv cayn true false
ic6k 86f9 true true
99z7 cayn false false
devt 6pg4 false true
687w czlr true false
e7rx cpcg true true
680n czlr false true
7yzj cpcg true true
39j7 cayn false false
3i3i 7t4x true true
as66 cayn true true
eixp 60fb true false
5a26 8gnt true false
h182 6pg4 true false
63i9 cpcg true false
f1zo czlr false true
kkaq cayn true false
bw9 6pg4 false false
atdi cayn false false
8fcy czlr false true
jz45 czlr false true
kvqv czlr true true
6mgk 6pg4 false false
e1mz 33by false true
f177 33by true true
dm4m cayn true false
8rqd cpcg true true
1df6 6rub true true
7od3 cayn true true
5wmf czlr false true
3l2o cayn true true
5ieu 6pg4 true false
k9je cayn false true
azye 6rub false false
gtm5 czlr false true
e1av czlr true false
929d czlr false false
l0vs 6pg4 true false
cxi2 6pg4 false false
5sag cayn false true
l6y9 7t4x false true
jvb 8gnt true false
axtt 6pg4 false false
17vj 6pg4 false true
59ii girt false true
gbth 6pg4 true true
7lvr czlr false true
f925 czlr true false
29jq czlr false false
1nqr 6rub true true
9ljg cpcg false false
6f2h 6pg4 true false
6bhd cayn false false
84uw cpcg false false
7n4l czlr true true
gtri cayn true false
jd0g cpcg true false
i4o 33by false true
7p4x cayn true true
k2lt cpcg true false
d1hn 33by true true
becz cpcg true true
7dpf 6pg4 false false
gjxs 6pg4 true true
3jer 6rub true true
35sp cayn true true
793l 6rub false false
jxh4 6pg4 false false
3bw7 6pg4 true false
6d4d 6l4q true false
jarf 86f9 false true
agb1 33by true true
cqwq 86f9 true true
4act jvb8 true false
9zuv czlr false false
jvvh 6l4q false true
g87x 33by true false
hrin kthw false false
5zke czlr false false
9gj 7t4x false true
6moz 7t4x true false
ee81 60fb false true
i8n9 cpcg true true
ji1m 8gnt true false
g3qk czlr true true
a4cv czlr true false
l9qg czlr true false
gq0o 33by false true
2xgp 6rub false true
8zkq 6pg4 false false
dxib czlr true true
3e56 7t4x true false
3n4z 6rub true true
9vjg czlr true true
c0lf cpcg true false
bcr6 czlr false true
cde9 jvb8 false false
4tcq cayn true true
8imt cpcg false false
7r2q 6l4q false true
3rzm kthw false true
4j2f 86f9 false false
fxfo cayn false false
aw83 cpcg true false
k5pv cayn false true
1kpw cayn false true
kn3v 6pg4 true true
dmt3 cpcg false true
fhwt czlr false true
bbt2 cayn false true
lcy1 cayn false false
arek czlr false false
3jgc 7t4x true false
eul5 czlr false false
helt 7t4x true true
33y6 fa8y true false
ldbo 6pg4 true true
hrw0 6pg4 false true
7fs4 cayn false true
40rx cpcg false true
6qhr 7t4x false true
hdtj 8gnt false false
1wt1 cayn false false
88sl 6rub false false
ir2n 6l4q true false
axcd 6rub false false
73yb cayn false false
1cwz czlr false true
7ox3 cpcg false false
d75e cayn false true
gw6f czlr true true
7w5 6pg4 true true
is2i cayn true false
jddy cpcg true false
8gnh jqeh false true
6ib1 33by false true
gix7 czlr false false
jbjl 33by false false
6ubc 82wq true true
h7j2 33by false true
4fge 6rub true true
er83 6pg4 false false
36ds 6pg4 false false
7ugp czlr false false
j06s 6pg4 false false
9j64 cayn true true
6mif czlr true false
6xm8 czlr false false
9p8d 8gnt true false
dcc5 6l4q true true
80cb 8gnt false false
cm3l cayn false false
dngb 6rub false false
21cp 6l4q false false
kyzx czlr false false
5glk czlr false false
bs4l cpcg false true
lc5x czlr true false
9hnd 8gnt false true
bh34 cayn true false
jrdc 7t4x true true
joct czlr false false
6tfq 6pg4 true false
1910 cayn true true
54ga czlr false true
j0nk cpcg false true
gf0t cayn true true
i56c 6pg4 false false
6u4e cayn false true
jaoe 6pg4 true true
hr4v 6rub false false
493c 6rub true false
80w3 60fb false true
e8m5 czlr true true
811b 33by true true
8ub8 6rub true true
9vf1 czlr false false
icvc cayn false true
js4b cpcg false true
kw03 cayn false true
ad36 jqeh false true
2hff 6rub true true
50au 7t4x true false
i00b cpcg true true
pg3 7t4x false false
c0i5 czlr true false
i0m3 6rub true true
kc69 cpcg true false
dr2g czlr true true
4a7p 6pg4 false true
2tip hl7s false true
ax9w czlr true true
gq6s 6pg4 false false
c14d czlr false false
3ewd czlr false true
f4f7 cayn true true
etlo 33by true true
2er 33by false true
d9aq cayn false false
etoh cayn true false
c0io cpcg false true
j4nu 6l4q true true
340h cpcg true true
erp0 6l4q false true
cfob 86f9 false false
806b 6pg4 false true
j04d 7t4x true false
xv5 czlr false true
6kmo cayn true false
cytu hl7s true false
7rcj hl7s true false
3n0m cayn false false
3gba 6l4q false true
ismx 86f9 true true
jp57 czlr true false
dkw0 czlr true true
59cw 6l4q true false
36sg aef8 false true
63zz 7t4x true true
7nt1 86f9 false true
6ifg axsj true false
8tzk 6rub false true
j8p8 cayn false false
6wbg cpcg true true
fuv1 6pg4 true true
5jqb kthw false true
etkd inug true true
i6ns axsj true false
hlll cayn true true
j7xk cpcg true false
j0el 7t4x true false
gtre czlr false false
2ylu czlr true false
lbvs 6pg4 false true
3t6z cpcg false false
kao1 6pg4 true true
cutm 7t4x false false
8uen 7t4x true true
c01j jvb8 true false
co00 8gnt false false
af8e czlr true false
4cwj 7t4x true false
boek czlr true false
5rrh czlr false true
k7oh cpcg true false
cs0f 6pg4 false true
7tib 7t4x true false
drh5 33by true false
bebf 33by false false
97ns 6pg4 false true
3qav cayn true true
hwmm 6rub false false
3ppq 7t4x false false
jfrt czlr false true
1qji 6l4q false true
2690 hl7s false false
55fo 60fb false true
8ill czlr false true
8c7f czlr false true
8yau czlr true false
3ac5 jqeh true true
6ux6 czlr false false
fshm hl7s true false
67li 8gnt true false
c5g2 33by false true
a4z2 8gnt false true
fya3 czlr false false
izb0 6pg4 false false
e9l6 czlr false true
5doo 6pg4 true true
7f09 cpcg false false
4d05 czlr true true
ak3o czlr false true
keha 33by false false
dufm 7t4x true true
l3jx 7t4x true false
6kjs 33by false false
dre8 cpcg false true
cj2b cayn true true
jznm 7t4x false false
ka81 hl7s true false
jbs1 cpcg false false
aaq5 6pg4 true false
iuma 33by true false
1yk5 axsj false false
5il4 6rub true true
vun czlr false false
j0vj cayn true false
kz2r 6rub true true
d5cm czlr true false
9a98 6pg4 false true
5w6a 7t4x false true
5e23 6pg4 false true
fy0o 7t4x false false
80x5 cpcg false true
ifcu 7t4x false true
9xdh 6pg4 true false
fd3b 6l4q false true
hci4 czlr true true
g4ye 86f9 true false
4zee 33by false false
olo axsj true false
def0 cayn false false
5qqx 33by false false
aztu cpcg false false
h9eo hl7s true false
5yfg cayn true false
ip18 6rub true true
g94o 6pg4 false true
61lb 6rub true true
8ogv czlr true false
jkev cayn true false
jqpn 6l4q false false
inmj cayn false true
4mxg 6pg4 false true
dpku czlr false true
cv4l 6pg4 false false
p6g 6rub false false
36nx axsj false false
dbtw 6l4q true false
iqls 6rub true true
cwvy czlr false false
d78p axsj false false
cush 8gnt false false
5e4v 33by true true
fcj2 cayn false true
7m5w cayn true true
dnle inug true true
3rs8 cpcg false true
2zkm czlr true true
ifmt 33by false true
hz6b cayn false true
5vz4 6rub true false
k84u 33by false true
chqb czlr true true
6dcp cpcg true false
gcfs 6rub false false
7x3j 6pg4 true true
eeni cayn true true
krjf czlr true false
d8u5 33by true true
e57z czlr false true
cg00 33by false false
hhy3 cayn false true
grm cpcg false true
64mc 6l4q true false
85u8 cpcg true true
9q0d cayn false false
qar cayn true false
bojo cpcg false true
bfau 1rvg true false
im45 6pg4 false false
j8k4 7t4x false false
hlow 33by false false
exco czlr false false
3xp3 czlr true true
e80t cayn false false
1d10 jvb8 true true
1zlm 7t4x false false
7mv4 eonr true true
hw8r 7t4x true true
fg97 cayn false false
c5gf cpcg true false
ksjx 33by false false
5rn8 6pg4 false false
hibm axsj true true
j90b cayn false true
f0p8 czlr true false
dzie cayn false false
1e4v cayn true true
3mnx 7t4x false true
9ast czlr false true
jth3 czlr true true
cry3 cayn true false
kyd7 6pg4 false false
k1qb cayn false true
7c7o 7t4x false true
ibil 7t4x false true
b4y6 czlr false false
6fdt czlr false true
altq 7t4x false true
hvbz cayn false true
i1g5 cpcg false true
f73a 33by false false
gtad 6pg4 true false
bfp5 czlr true true
gl8u czlr false false
kaz3 7t4x true false
6xf cpcg false false
fcas czlr true true
32l2 czlr true false
6reo 6l4q true true
dadl 6pg4 false false
7bl7 hl7s true true
fwtx cayn false true
5yhe cayn false true
h5hp cayn false false
2ygf cayn false false
2jko 86f9 false true
8ey6 czlr false true
6hz6 86f9 false true
jim8 cpcg true true
h2t4 86f9 false false
43d5 cpcg true false
i7qd 60fb true true
31ka 6pg4 false true
cyvo 7t4x false false
gaj8 cayn true false
6se9 czlr true false
7686 czlr false true
krv 6pg4 false true
b20h 7t4x false true
cmzh 7t4x false false
2ah6 33by false true
buuw 8gnt false false
cc94 czlr false true
el9f cayn false false
d9v5 czlr true true
acye 6l4q true true
293g 6rub false true
1p5d cayn false false
8ca9 czlr false false
918 6pg4 true false
dyrc 6rub true false
j73y 8gnt false true
6xzf 6pg4 false false
ej6h 6pg4 true true
5bjy axsj true false
isj8 cpcg false false
i8sn 33by true false
47x5 6pg4 false false
k8yl 33by true false
36u8 czlr true false
brjg cayn true false
d6rs cpcg true true
b68e cpcg true true
go1w cpcg true true
5a05 czlr false false
8mqr 6rub false true
5ohu 6pg4 true false
78js czlr false true
khfg cayn true false
dsig cpcg true true
61bf 7t4x false true
azpg czlr true false
d5fu 6l4q true false
3cwf 6pg4 false true
7tuu 6rub true false
d5yp 6pg4 false false
2twy cayn true true
fim6 6pg4 false true
dj7i 33by true false
89dc cayn true false
gboj 6pg4 false true
88ld czlr false false
fce6 6pg4 true true
71iy 6rub true true
3xs3 60fb false true
3nhi 33by false true
48vh cpcg true false
69vv 7t4x false true
15g4 cayn false true
lffq 60fb false false
kbkj 33by false false
2c75 6pg4 true false
ah6m girt true true
mj3 8gnt true true
7urt 33by false true
dbs6 cayn true true
b8wk 6pg4 true false
kpgm cayn false true
fqru 86f9 false false
hgrr 8gnt true false
1jjh cpcg true true
1oxz czlr true true
a77l 7t4x true false
b0a czlr true true
iw0m czlr false true
j744 czlr true true
7tyf czlr true true
eu3b czlr true true
2vtv cpcg true false
2zky 6pg4 false false
6b46 60fb false true
cwqy fa8y true true
mwk cpcg false false
dg1 7t4x true false
dn1l 6l4q true false
fpuf 6l4q true false
hg7g czlr false false
766 33by true true
kiip jqeh true true
l4pl hl7s false true
eolx czlr false false
cfbo cayn true false
j0w4 axsj false true
2u1u 6rub true false
2b6o czlr false true
hkfi 6l4q false true
2dln kthw false false
6daq cayn true true
3pev czlr true true
bp0 czlr true true
jssn cpcg true true
2ls 33by false true
6y28 6pg4 false false
6y7c 7t4x true false
jg7a 7t4x true false
9r03 jvb8 true true
7txt 6pg4 false true
es7o cpcg true false
ho4g czlr true false
7m1l 6rub false true
8jrs 7t4x true true
ayfh czlr true false
t7l 7t4x false true
j6r 6l4q true false
b5mp cayn true true
9m5p czlr false false
bapj cpcg false false
4syx cpcg true false
7r2p 86f9 false false
furu 6l4q false true
3b0l czlr false true
9phl 6l4q true false
jtpo 6l4q true false
ihy5 czlr true true
jgas 86f9 true false
c4rv cayn false true
xnr 6pg4 true false
83qp cayn false false
7cux 6l4q false false
2t0p 8gnt false false
dcvn czlr false false
6w7b cpcg true true
ht38 czlr true false
7qoh cayn true false
5a2s 7t4x true false
e5ee 6rub false true
cn00 cayn false false
kvr9 czlr false false
21ld 6pg4 true false
7i2c 86f9 true true
bkou 33by true false
b692 cayn true true
8xw czlr false true
6qc9 girt false false
l68q czlr false true
9hcu 7t4x true false
5q6c cayn false false
gdj1 6l4q true true
h67u axsj true true
ccn gcdx false false
dlfe 6l4q false false
5p65 czlr false false
1gx4 cayn true true
433a 6pg4 false false
fuiz 6rub true false
53w8 cayn true false
cfzm 6l4q false false
dz7e jvb8 true true
ckus 33by false false
i3fp 6rub true true
ja95 girt true true
5stx jvb8 true false
cb9o cayn true false
hc5e 7t4x false false
azyv cayn true false
uo5 60fb true false
obd cpcg false false
5si9 6pg4 false false
3dga cayn false true
1v0k 6pg4 true false
4khn czlr true false
km0z 6pg4 false true
b7hv 8gnt true false
flgx 6pg4 true true
fdsw cayn true false
kbgc 6rub true false
j2m czlr true true
7l1t 1rvg false false
9rz2 cayn false true
j8k8 cayn false true
gr8r cayn false true
e2ps 33by false true
2hft 6pg4 false false
3usp 7t4x false false
gr27 czlr false false
7km9 33by false false
7ngp 7t4x true true
hjcl 33by true true
c5b6 czlr true true
6gbz czlr true false
hd7m czlr false false
kjdh 6pg4 true true
h1jm 1rvg false false
grck 855g false true
4ca6 cpcg false false
213o cayn false true
k7mt cpcg false true
bvjh czlr true true
h2y4 6pg4 true false
g3az czlr true true
j9i5 cayn false false
4p85 gcdx true false
hhal czlr true false
6cr5 cayn false false
3u60 6pg4 true true
39e2 cayn true true
5y2h hl7s false true
cl3o 6rub true false
6deu cpcg true true
hkun kthw false false
b81s 7t4x true false
8lgr 6pg4 true false
2n1d 86f9 true false
78h9 6pg4 true true
60u7 czlr false true
2ddu kthw true true
7dy cayn false true
ksmf cayn false true
f8ou 60fb false true
8v9h 6pg4 false true
ebjn czlr false true
92oz 33by false false
gofn czlr true false
5q24 8gnt false false
wn7 cpcg false true
5j9e 7t4x true false
8dzt cpcg true true
4ao2 6pg4 false true
ltw czlr true true
3ktv jvb8 true false
fcbz 6rub false true
aans 6rub false false
8bgp 86f9 true false
7z2d cayn true false
ab9c 6pg4 false true
7gtq 60fb false true
5df0 cayn false true
dcuq 60fb true true
ia2s 7t4x false false
frlk 6pg4 false false
y44 cpcg false false
17ea 6pg4 true false
6w6u 33by false false
iaan czlr false false
ilwe 60fb false true
b4a6 cayn true true
fg5d 6pg4 true true
hjiw cayn true false
b10j 7t4x true false
17gk czlr true true
5da7 33by false true
b371 8gnt false false
721h 6pg4 false true
kvle czlr false false
kubg 6pg4 false true
e7a1 7t4x true false
hey8 33by true true
7gwh 7t4x false true
1iy0 cayn false false
fwsh czlr true false
6b7e kthw true true
afti cayn true true
47v1 hl7s true true
kohh czlr true true
h93g 7t4x false true
1f11 czlr false true
9mxc 33by true false
cdqv 6rub true false
8qug 60fb true false
4bnd 6pg4 true false
gclt cpcg false true
cjp7 czlr false false
b3bv czlr true false
1qhr czlr false true
aby6 czlr false true
ew8s 6pg4 true true
w4t cpcg true true
8zhn czlr true false
821n 6pg4 true false
i1gr 7t4x true true
5aj9 7t4x true true
f5tb czlr true true
9u3d 7t4x true true
j7t3 czlr true false
b063 8gnt false false
360y 7t4x false true
fex7 6l4q true true
ayb9 cayn true true
a239 8gnt false true
1hic axsj false true
5hop czlr true true
37w8 czlr false true
8ocw 8gnt false true
17ab czlr false true
600u czlr false true
8yb kthw true true
d5hj cayn true false
eu3e cayn false false
c905 8gnt false true
hw8v 86f9 false true
ad48 6rub false false
67g0 6rub false false
5f13 86f9 true true
gb6x czlr true false
kd94 hl7s true true
futg 7t4x false false
b7gr cayn true true
jlpc cpcg false true
a8oh 33by false false
km1b czlr true false
7hlu cpcg true true
gowb cayn true false
5h4l cayn true true
hx0r 86f9 false false
3b3r cayn false true
fgf6 cayn true false
exdm cpcg false false
4hal gcdx false false
66xu cpcg true false
exrn cayn false true
6r6c 8gnt false true
f6el cpcg false false
7kfa cayn false false
egf4 czlr true false
c24n czlr true false
i9ag czlr true true
ev7p cayn true true
aqdo cayn true false
2hvw gcdx false true
6n8b 6l4q false true
a2qy 6pg4 true true
gucy 86f9 false true
9e9h cpcg true true
h0qb czlr false true
8umc 6pg4 false false
5wbm cayn false false
h1lf czlr false true
flhr 86f9 false true
grat cayn true true
5wig 6pg4 true false
5tqj cayn true false
hlkd 8gnt false true
9l5u cayn true true
6n5r 6pg4 true false
fwlt 6pg4 true false
fot4 86f9 true true
ivlb 6l4q false false
9aq 7t4x false false
7ey3 cpcg false true
buzk girt false false
c71d czlr false true
9f1o cayn true false
icdq 6rub true true
fi5f cpcg true false
7up 33by true true
g31r 8gnt true false
bem3 60fb true true
64la cayn false true
57qv 6l4q false false
g3w1 jqeh false false
2gg0 czlr false true
4sge 6rub true false
eufo 7t4x true false
efj7 cpcg true false
9hsy 6rub true false
jrp 8gnt true true
f4p5 6pg4 true true
l6f4 8gnt true true
o7g 6pg4 false true
7nn 6pg4 true false
9fea cayn true true
la1d cayn true false
kmys 6rub false false
klzf 8gnt true false
c21b cayn false true
660e cayn true false
2f84 cayn false false
88xj 7t4x false false
gxdt 33by true false
320t 6pg4 false false
j2md 7t4x false true
kzge cayn false false
ji3j hl7s false true
r45 33by true true
5cy2 cayn false false
hns9 cpcg false false
lcfg jqeh false false
9y06 6rub false false
4637 6l4q true false
jnrb inug true true
4pqs 6pg4 true true
ctbi 6l4q false true
6fr 6l4q false false
7usu jvb8 true false
figd cayn false false
dy2x czlr true true
aygi inug true false
9olf 33by false false
h3lc czlr true true
ilvi cayn false false
2ofi czlr false false
3uba 60fb true false
9ixx czlr false true
e0bi 6pg4 true true
hh8b 6pg4 true false
i1sv 33by false false
eidc inug true false
3c8r 6rub true true
b2yy 7t4x true true
l5y0 4f6w true false
nqa czlr false true
7ebv aef8 false true
i3te 6pg4 true true
dx8m 86f9 false false
keh6 cayn true true
dmyd czlr false false
4d36 cpcg true true
9qan 6rub true true
dml8 cayn false true
g5sd 7t4x true true
heup czlr false false
al51 kthw false true
16gn cayn false false
cjck cayn false false
boz0 60fb false true
d0j3 6rub false true
47g6 czlr true false
cr69 czlr true false
45x1 8gnt true true
435s cpcg true true
aodq 6rub false false
2vcr 7t4x false true
2vyz 33by false true
6iej czlr false false
cxrb kthw false true
2za2 6rub true true
8km6 cayn true true
hxwp 6pg4 true false
b4h 6pg4 false false
8jfm 60fb true true
6138 6rub true false
63mi 7t4x true true
79ls 7t4x true true
i2fa 7t4x false false
ffwt 86f9 true false
4oxf 6pg4 true false
d2ld cpcg true false
1bjt 33by false true
8so3 86f9 true true
1ppr 33by false false
abcz czlr true false
i4l1 cpcg true true
7drz czlr false false
1kwo gcdx true false
aii8 cpcg true true
cy8o 6pg4 false false
4xxq czlr false false
6pqd 6l4q true true
et6k cayn false false
hkn7 6pg4 true false
c47q cayn false true
i4vh cpcg false false
f75e 6pg4 true true
1cqh 60fb true true
2h13 cayn false false
d3ro kthw true false
8c2i 86f9 true true
29rz cayn true false
kjiu 7t4x true false
u35 cpcg false true
69nc 6pg4 false true
17k2 6l4q false true
3xvj 6l4q true true
701o 6pg4 false true
f0hf cayn false true
dlpj 8gnt true false
812n cayn true true
l22o cayn true true
ct9z 8gnt false false
9oec 6pg4 true false
jwcv girt true false
enp6 6pg4 true false
hwd8 kthw true false
6p2v czlr false false
bwg2 86f9 false true
2vih cayn false false
cc0n girt false false
739v jvb8 true false
6rbz 7t4x false false
jlvh 7t4x false true
fi8q 60fb false false
jqw0 czlr true false
jeoj cayn false true
4yev 60fb true true
9o67 cpcg true false
8q8g czlr true false
dd1c cayn false false
976k czlr true false
lbw0 6rub true false
b0ox czlr false false
91dn 6pg4 true false
eokh 86f9 true true
nbp jqeh false true
5sf9 6pg4 true false
2v7o 6l4q false true
gudj cayn true true
kd8l cpcg false false
8uuh czlr true true
1ctj 7t4x true true
3br2 6pg4 true true
x6g cpcg false true
3wzw cayn false false
3fsq 6pg4 true true
9bby cayn true false
9n19 cayn true false
7cop kthw false false
gsku cayn true false
ijyf 6l4q true true
bx72 cayn false true
5g52 6pg4 true false
ey8q cpcg false true
jhh8 czlr false true
9tpp 6rub true true
dze8 czlr false false
ez5j cpcg true true
9n7x 6pg4 true true
g3jk 8gnt true false
9sj7 6pg4 false true
aidl 6l4q false false
a4a9 6pg4 false false
kb6i cayn false true
aqcu cayn true false
ggl9 6pg4 false true
jwda cayn true true
av5a 33by false true
99w2 cpcg true true
h7l7 cayn true false
g7u6 6rub false false
5nq0 6pg4 false true
gzht czlr true false
9t25 cayn false false
ari8 7t4x false false
drui czlr true false
cdz 60fb false true
d340 33by true true
9eyr cayn true false
bjk1 33by true false
jzqo 33by true false
gdxx czlr false true
h8wj 6rub true false
h1uz czlr false false
eo9i 6pg4 true false
79o0 7t4x true true
bp1v hl7s false false
457m 6pg4 false false
gjyb czlr true true
ilvw 86f9 false false
831v czlr true false
5ahn 6pg4 false true
d1wc 7t4x false false
fei8 8gnt true false
k2ki 6l4q true true
iltz cpcg false true
52vi cayn true true
fzw0 czlr false false
bjnj cayn true false
7dto czlr false true
bvr 6rub true true
5vki 33by true true
989l 6rub false false
j6b2 cayn true true
8pun czlr false true
fj5d cayn true false
c63c 7t4x false true
l8qf 33by true false
97jw czlr true false
58ve 7t4x false false
dswp czlr false false
450y czlr false true
k7w8 cpcg false false
feu8 czlr true true
jbjd cayn true true
eexp cpcg false false
kqde kthw false false
7qas cayn false false
727m 6pg4 true false
egtg cpcg false false
cvy6 cpcg true true
1utn 33by false false
5mol 6pg4 false false
8afb czlr true false
1mo girt false true
b7bb 6pg4 false false
8o2x 6pg4 true true
sfj jqeh true true
efjm cayn false true
h9b8 czlr false true
ikav 33by true false
dk1f cpcg true true
26jc 33by false false
8uy9 8gnt true true
7wai cpcg false false
fogd czlr true true
b5i 86f9 true false
5d6y 7t4x true false
4bbd jqeh false true
2c5w czlr true true
hm5o 33by false true
7a0m czlr true true
jaqq czlr true true
lcxz 6l4q true false
ahfz 6pg4 true true
23he cayn true true
dvh9 6rub false false
avap 8gnt true false
corc cpcg true false
50ak cpcg true true
3z4u czlr false true
76cf 6pg4 false false
at4v 33by false true
9ybs 6rub true true
hrw czlr false false
cfc czlr false true
cp7k cpcg false true
9s8l cpcg false true
27lz cayn false false
kylj czlr false false
3uxd 7t4x false true
j2ey 6rub true false
f9bj 6pg4 false true
begb inug true true
837n 6l4q false true
guyn 33by true true
bmc0 6pg4 true false
ffjp 86f9 false true
5g98 czlr false true
l5sk 1rvg false false
gtp6 6pg4 true true
7dbe 6pg4 false false
4tzb cpcg true true
3wlt cpcg true false
k7ir 6pg4 true false
kvvt 86f9 true true
6zyx 6rub true false
a76u 33by true true
34ue 6pg4 false false
a8sg gcdx false true
69ir cpcg false false
44fc axsj false false
l8k2 8gnt false true
fh1 7t4x true true
a43 gcdx false true
3ubu 33by true true
a00y 6pg4 false true
83hw cayn true true
29ao 7t4x true true
3fo8 cpcg false true
2013 cayn false false
9h6s cayn true true
147n czlr true false
59un 7t4x false true
ebcr cayn true false
5fn2 6pg4 false true
bgyt 6pg4 false false
l8yv cayn true true
51c7 60fb false true
dzzc czlr true true
9em8 cayn true false
e1wk 6pg4 false false
krqo czlr true false
bau7 czlr false true
f1vg axsj false false
80s0 cpcg true false
3kl6 6l4q false true
k2ak czlr true true
a1rs eonr true false
9ep7 8gnt false true
7fcr hl7s true true
hn8 8gnt false false
i6l1 cpcg false false
k6wq czlr false false
c41z 6pg4 true true
dczb 33by true false
isob 6pg4 true false
7o8z cayn false true
fit9 cpcg false false
16oj 7t4x false false
47pj 60fb true false
g0cl cayn true false
5v1a cpcg true true
kpn1 cpcg true true
8fg8 6rub true true
9qc cpcg false false
k0k 8gnt false true
5rnp cayn false true
2qt5 82wq false true
3g3c 6pg4 true false
hu3w 7t4x false true
jfha cpcg true false
db9x 6pg4 false true
dxk2 7t4x false false
4g43 czlr false true
8jrh 6pg4 false true
j8iz 7t4x false true
iunp cpcg false false
7s5a 6pg4 true true
2paq 6rub true true
f86l 60fb true false
esen czlr true false
awd4 6rub false true
7mbh 6pg4 false false
5hs6 7t4x true true
bj2o czlr false true
hr53 8gnt true true
7u5i 7t4x false true
kgr1 33by false false
4r25 6pg4 true false
cthn 6rub false false
4pma 6pg4 true false
hrcx cayn false false
b1i0 6rub true true
9h67 6pg4 true false
o1t 6pg4 true false
14eo czlr false true
bq19 8gnt false true
h5ad 6rub true false
1sf8 hl7s true true
i9bs cayn true true
dtio cayn false true
520t 86f9 true true
5mct inug false false
fxdi cpcg false true
ko36 6pg4 true false
gfsj cayn true false
4dhn cayn false false
imrr 6l4q true false
ks9u czlr false false
430n cpcg false false
7wtr cpcg false true
co6g cpcg false false
74co czlr false false
1uc9 cayn true true
kdbi 6pg4 false true
27wa 33by false true
k6r 6l4q true true
gich cpcg false true
jvhp 33by true false
iwzb czlr false false
jok9 33by true true
1sgi czlr true true
637v 8gnt true true
irig 6rub false false
hbc7 6pg4 true false
aea9 cayn true true
jqtd cpcg false true
js6e czlr true true
34kf 33by true false
8l89 cpcg false false
1eg5 7t4x false true
bw5p 6pg4 false false
lf0l 6pg4 false false
gkfr 6rub true false
6kjo czlr false false
l9pa 7t4x true true
1piy 6rub true false
gq2d czlr false true
ajls cpcg false true
j2zp cayn false false
gekx czlr true false
cbmv 7t4x true false
h2kg cayn false false
i2ui 7t4x true false
fzod cayn true true
klpp 7t4x true true
jyi5 czlr true true
b0q3 cayn false true
32ah cpcg true true
k45o 6l4q false false
cq9b 6pg4 false false
1ybe 6pg4 true false
fo1m cayn true true
48jh cayn false true
bhd3 czlr true false
8idt 7t4x true false
k87e 7t4x true false
fwvn cpcg true false
gzmi czlr true true
abeh girt false true
cftg 60fb true true
c90 60fb false false
7au4 czlr true false
96w9 czlr false false
bz63 czlr false true
b24l cpcg false true
2u27 7t4x false false
4cjz 6rub true true
h3ji 7t4x false false
aek8 7t4x true false
2xlz 6l4q false false
kuc3 cpcg true true
3nch axsj false true
bkep cayn false true
f3eg cpcg true false
jjot 6pg4 false true
a40c czlr true false
38k8 czlr true false
aeew czlr false false
8eze 7t4x true false
d4ky czlr false true
ky2p cpcg true true
bmf1 czlr true true
jxpf cayn true false
ar84 7t4x true false
bf6u cpcg false false
iohy 6pg4 true false
16rw cayn false false
av23 82wq false true
660j czlr false true
7aj8 6pg4 false true
20kv jqeh false true
3s6z cpcg true false
1sf7 6pg4 false false
kvk5 86f9 false true
bd03 czlr true false
cmd7 6rub true true
uzt 86f9 true false
k9w2 by42 true false
bz0v cayn false false
6crr 7t4x false false
k6w4 8gnt false false
kit0 cayn false true
dzyd czlr false true
ot2 gcdx true false
b52y czlr false false
cd1e cpcg false false
grpn czlr false true
3pni czlr false false
1s15 7t4x true true
c0iu cayn true false
bqoe cpcg true true
iq30 6l4q true false
dnlk czlr false true
i7a9 czlr true false
jpub 6pg4 true false
6l2j 6pg4 true false
k2sl cayn false true
d30f 6rub false true
fe4w cayn true false
791 axsj true false
he1j cayn true false
l4vq 7t4x true false
j93d inug true true
85g1 6pg4 false true
1n35 czlr true true
59br czlr false true
hkxd jvb8 true false
h7ok girt true true
elqk 7t4x false false
lf5k cayn true false
j3n7 gcdx true false
8es5 6pg4 false false
87ff czlr false true
mef cayn true true
2xol 60fb true true
24er 33by true false
2ry0 6pg4 true false
jj2c 33by false true
4f5e jvb8 true true
hf72 7t4x false false
4xio czlr false true
kjer hl7s false true
1lqy czlr false true
1rei 8gnt true false
bixt 33by false true
e77k 7t4x true true
8pws 6l4q true false
hesi 7t4x true true
423o 7t4x false true
iace czlr true true
9ovm czlr true false
8i6w 33by true false
hsze 6rub true true
7ybt by42 false true
c442 cayn false false
b4eg kthw false true
jnnv 7t4x false false
attv 6pg4 true true
94fi czlr true true
94kb 6rub false false
ew9y 8gnt false false
6t3r czlr false true
l2z7 86f9 false false
aviy 7t4x false true
247s cpcg false false
ey8a 6pg4 false true
8xr6 60fb true false
24q5 cayn true true
ce3i jvb8 true true
c60f cpcg false true
gkvi 60fb false false
5qij cpcg false true
gc5i cpcg true false
f06x cpcg true false
810k jvb8 true true
bsq4 cayn false false
fe7x 6pg4 false false
dthw 6rub false false
xlz cayn false true
fo69 cayn false false
3n3j cayn true true
3fzk cayn false false
3vzo 6l4q false true
2c45 8gnt false true
1fh3 90jx false true
iwha 7t4x false false
c6gu 6l4q false false
157 cayn true true
ko7a 6pg4 false true
d4lm czlr false true
dxo7 cpcg true false
b7yr 33by true true
7cpc cayn false true
isfu cpcg false false
iuyp 6l4q false true
grgl kthw false false
dk0p kthw true false
dra4 cpcg true true
dy2i 6l4q false false
exqe 7t4x false true
sxm czlr true true
kn6u czlr false false
dmw6 cpcg false false
lagm cayn false false
mn9 czlr false true
kntm cayn false false
9mm1 6pg4 false true
1cw5 6pg4 true false
6rbc cayn true true
3ec0 cpcg true true
jwc2 33by true false
cr9l 6pg4 true false
m1l cpcg true false
ax0g 7t4x false false
7vnc czlr false false
e8qz 33by true false
3287 cpcg false false
15r4 6pg4 false true
zge cpcg true true
994u 7t4x false false
7593 6l4q true true
smz cayn false false
gysw 7t4x false false
6g4z 86f9 true true
j05u 8gnt false true
9rv0 7t4x true true
6dya 6l4q false true
d0xn 33by false false
4djr cayn true true
8seg 7t4x false false
8kch czlr false true
axxh 6pg4 true false
2x18 czlr true false
hkfe 6pg4 true false
drl 6pg4 true true
jppn 6pg4 true false
92pj cayn false false
bcyx cpcg true false
1khi czlr false false
le8s 33by true true
cb09 czlr true true
6c6d cpcg false false
k66b cpcg false false
utp kthw false false
bux8 czlr false true
77pq 33by true true
jxik 7t4x true true
fb6v cayn false true
aizh hl7s false true
d2rn cayn true true
icln 60fb false true
5vf9 czlr false false
k372 6rub true false
l7x1 cayn true false
j6be czlr true true
f3qe cayn true true
e1y8 33by false false
bynj cayn true true
jl6c 6rub false true
acr7 czlr false false
y5e kthw false true
er57 czlr true true
i35w cpcg false false
e78r 86f9 true false
fcbw 6pg4 false true
2y1r cayn false false
e1os cayn false false
ap62 cayn true true
4nh3 cayn false true
d7tm 6pg4 false false
1w7z 33by false false
dxzi cayn false false
avvi czlr false true
gg12 6l4q false false
i21d czlr false true
ezo0 cpcg false true
h59m cpcg false false
fw2f by42 false false
bbed czlr false true
88qc 60fb false true
1cet 6l4q false false
hhnp 6pg4 true false
3mud 7t4x false true
d7li cayn true false
k7g4 czlr false false
632u 33by false false
c8k3 33by true true
ctjh 6pg4 false false
brvz 6pg4 true true
a8qq czlr false true
gl2z cpcg true true
2qqr 6pg4 true true
km5e 33by true false
5ous 6pg4 false true
j8ua jvb8 true false
9iww cayn false false
kiur 6pg4 true true
90yt cayn true true
hlo5 6pg4 false false
98ww cayn false false
230r 6pg4 true true
441o 6l4q true true
7bnv cpcg false false
44ng 6rub false false
2894 33by false false
8b3j czlr true false
1dtm czlr true true
avlf 6pg4 false true
c8zn kthw true false
zo8 86f9 false false
eyoh 6pg4 false false
6k63 8gnt false false
gs8w 7t4x false true
ftd4 czlr true false
be5x 6l4q false false
gidg 8gnt true true
3vyn 33by false false
caq3 7t4x true false
bco3 6l4q true false
74hb 6pg4 false true
9c5x cayn false false
ab33 cayn true false
2oja 33by true true
iw4p 6rub true true
2a18 6l4q true false
gvbo czlr true false
ev0r 33by false true
5rgq czlr false false
3adq 6l4q true false
jqzd 6pg4 false false
n9r cpcg false false
501w cayn false true
goii 6pg4 false true
k4mq 6pg4 true true
1eah 7t4x true true
fug5 6pg4 false false
79re cayn true true
kj79 7t4x true true
agfc 6pg4 true true
33so cpcg false true
4h94 7t4x true false
3rol czlr false true
k902 6pg4 false true
iw2e cayn false false
hx11 cayn true true
82ev cayn true true
b88d cayn true false
83dz jvb8 true false
ay6o cpcg true false
4ehn czlr true true
6tei czlr true true
7yfp gcdx false true
dwpa cayn true true
sjv 33by true true
34e8 czlr true true
f7ad 60fb true true
icdq 6l4q false false
8g7j 7t4x false false
85f9 cayn false true
bojl 6pg4 false true
gp69 czlr false false
1dqx hl7s true false
70td cpcg true true
7d1t cayn false true
jlg1 33by false true
c54 6l4q false false
683 6pg4 true true
9fig kthw false false
5iwp 33by true true
1mt8 60fb false true
bolx czlr true false
6umy czlr false false
9aqc cayn false false
ckml 7t4x false true
8toa by42 false false
5jkg 8gnt true false
ledz 6rub true false
1cl 7t4x true true
ck0t czlr true false
kfhp 6pg4 true true
85zg cpcg false true
fp93 cayn false false
6fy5 82wq false false
39wu 8gnt false true
adnn 60fb false true
7qe 6pg4 true true
c0tb 6pg4 true true
8zyt 6pg4 false true
12up czlr true false
funh 6rub false false
ft3o czlr false false
7a9o 33by false false
asyl 6rub false false
1hye 6pg4 true true
gz2p czlr false false
d51g czlr false false
kayw czlr false false
k11x czlr false false
bifd 7t4x false true
96uz 6l4q false false
5a60 6rub false true
70qs 6pg4 true true
iid0 6rub false true
f78y cayn false true
1rst 6pg4 false false
985m cayn false true
35sv 33by false true
hge czlr false true
3ku2 60fb true true
1b4d 6rub false false
c2pl cayn false true
eix8 czlr true true
6iql axsj false false
ivxl 33by true false
cpop kthw false true
2hfn 6pg4 false false
ldu0 cayn true false
dftk 7t4x true false
eetn 6pg4 false true
cdom 6pg4 false true
126s 7t4x true true
j5pr 60fb false false
fbs4 7t4x false false
cd6h cayn true false
aob7 6pg4 false false
i48k czlr false true
4qh 7t4x true true
bjp3 6l4q false false
89z3 fa8y false false
hdab cayn false true
c5mg 6pg4 true false
964o 6l4q false true
klfg 6pg4 false false
4svb axsj false true
grbi czlr false true
j13c 8gnt true true
hzt czlr true false
e0ry cpcg true true
6n6h hl7s false false
aj0c cpcg false true
36z4 6pg4 false false
ccj4 6l4q false false
5t9j 6rub true true
6pj0 cayn true false
eqdn 86f9 false true
2eqb cpcg true false
ao1k 6l4q false true
8h7e cpcg true true
df89 aef8 true true
cs0d cpcg false false
j5vy cpcg false false
351a czlr true false
8543 cayn true true
eanu inug false true
9eff 6l4q false false
fn53 6pg4 true true
2f5p 6l4q false false
10yy 6pg4 true false
2mh8 cayn false true
gdxt 6pg4 true false
hujx 6pg4 true true
7gbv cpcg false true
1uiz cpcg true false
5hzl axsj true false
aec3 cpcg false true
2q87 cayn true false
gl3c 33by false true
kjo0 cpcg false false
jdr1 cayn false false
1euq czlr true false
2ekg 33by false false
8auf 6pg4 true true
ev5p 86f9 false true
4vcu 6rub true true
2otd cayn false false
alac czlr false true
fu4 8gnt true false
6s7 cpcg true false
eip9 cayn true false
j045 6pg4 true true
d3c8 czlr false false
90as czlr false false
7n7d 6rub false true
32kh girt true true
7dny 7t4x true true
7veu 86f9 false true
8rrc 86f9 false false
ymg 6pg4 false true
atp4 cpcg true true
hf11 kthw true false
26lh 86f9 false false
g1es axsj true true
3xl0 cayn true true
65ve 6l4q true false
cwsm czlr false true
cpwn cayn false true
22cu 33by false false
b1uh 6rub false false
8wnx 6pg4 true false
hfqm 33by true true
2bup 6pg4 false false
4t8o cpcg true true
rr3 6rub false true
63s3 7t4x true true
ex72 7t4x false true
6kt2 6l4q false true
9i3w cayn false true
h1a2 cayn true true
kppu cpcg true true
bhmy czlr true false
gxuz cayn true true
idyl 82wq false true
bcmq inug false false
cpdi cpcg false true
kcav czlr true true
hzul 6rub false true
mif czlr true false
rh1 cayn true true
kedi czlr false false
aedm 6pg4 false false
1i7i cpcg true true
1un2 60fb false true
gudj 6pg4 true true
5sts cayn false true
779t 6pg4 true true
neq 33by false false
2oqa cayn false false
9ls4 czlr true false
kpw4 6pg4 true true
c80f 6l4q false false
3wev cayn true false
d097 hl7s false true
inoe 33by true true
ovy 7t4x true false
fkui 7t4x false false
h0tc cayn false false
d3u3 cayn false false
i56v cayn true false
bd67 33by false false
1i2m 6pg4 false true
9npo cpcg false true
ah5 cayn false false
3abt 7t4x true true
1zrf 86f9 true false
j9sb cayn false false
kftn 6rub false true
ads4 czlr true true
eiuf cpcg true true
7tkr 7t4x false false
79ml kthw true false
7or5 6pg4 false true
c4j0 7t4x true false
c8oy kthw false true
jy7m cpcg true true
968v czlr false false
g4us 6pg4 true false
62rb 33by false false
krer 6l4q false true
jxms czlr true false
9x26 cayn true true
7p2o 6pg4 false false
6z2q cayn false true
hzk8 cayn true false
5okd czlr false true
fpn3 6pg4 false true
hnlu cayn true false
1mz0 6l4q true false
68pj 6l4q true false
atsw 33by true true
5y7x axsj true true
7mou czlr true false
1hzi axsj true true
apzy 7t4x false false
fwll 6l4q false true
66dp 8gnt true false
bsm3 czlr false true
5qwm 6rub true false
2eqg kthw false false
jy9a jqeh true false
j8qf kthw false false
5451 6pg4 false true
1btf cayn true false
84i1 jqeh false true
g09s cayn false true
ezhn cpcg true false
la7z 33by true false
6gyz 6pg4 false false
do6s cayn false true
8yk7 7t4x false true
j4lt 6pg4 true true
13kg czlr true true
7dde 6pg4 true true
bb7h 33by true false
1gvp cayn false false
3zxy 86f9 false true
bbb2 7t4x false true
14yb cayn false true
7i1j 6l4q true false
99j1 6pg4 true true
ivpe czlr false false
ez2r 6pg4 false true
c6nt 6pg4 false true
8078 6l4q false true
k865 kthw true true
9vx0 1rvg true false
4wnj 6rub true true
kbkq cpcg true false
10ia cayn true false
2373 6rub true false
4gdy 33by true true
h3sn cayn true false
67ar cayn false true
8hly czlr true false
b8cb czlr true true
fad6 6pg4 false true
4qn2 6l4q true true
ds69 cayn true true
dpqf 33by false true
kwpx hl7s true true
hnqu cpcg false false
jeuk gcdx true false
kl8w 6l4q false false
gcby 6pg4 true false
cx4g 6pg4 false false
9rqk cayn true false
7pqk 8gnt false true
7nnk 6pg4 true false
6utf kthw true true
euvv 7t4x false true
6trw axsj true false
920s aef8 true true
8hs8 cayn false true
bid5 cayn false false
5oee czlr false true
2h1q cayn true false
4zry cayn true true
e0fc 6pg4 true false
6d83 6pg4 false false
dz2b czlr true true
3p2r kthw false false
cqkf czlr false false
3o0d czlr false false
7r9u 6l4q true false
97hp jvb8 false true
j79s czlr true false
jhd0 1rvg true false
2yqu hl7s true false
avde 6l4q true true
gj1j czlr true false
h867 cpcg true true
25eo 8gnt true true
6e0p cayn false false
dao3 cayn false true
3gpq 7t4x true true
fgte 6l4q false false
6a54 7t4x true false
3zik 8gnt false true
45dw czlr true true
dzsq cayn false true
hdod 1rvg true true
abrp czlr false true
600 czlr true true
f19m 6l4q false true
ixjb 6pg4 true true
6bjt czlr false false
jqg2 czlr true true
3jqr axsj true true
hjqh cayn true false
gpb3 7t4x true true
jc84 cpcg false false
fpkr 6l4q false true
bdzp 7t4x true true
3nmz 6pg4 true true
dvdu czlr true false
h9j3 6pg4 false false
b073 cayn false true
bq75 6pg4 false false
d375 33by true false
1ame cpcg true true
gyvl kthw false false
4iw8 33by false true
ekgh cpcg false true
4jbg 6pg4 false false
aaya hl7s true false
6faq 60fb false true
24ge cayn false false
dqx6 cayn true true
69j3 cpcg true false
auok czlr false false
37bn 6rub false false
3zp8 cayn false false
ah0x cpcg true true
i2l6 czlr true true
74re 33by true true
aega cayn false true
by9n cayn true true
70e2 33by false true
54m7 6pg4 false true
khtu 6pg4 true false
5ysa cpcg true false
4a8j 7t4x true true
2an1 cpcg true true
8894 czlr false false
fk49 cayn true false
679y czlr false true
b7yg 7t4x false true
2ktb cayn false false
db0j 6l4q true true
35dn cayn false false
b1rm czlr true false
144j 33by true true
58mv cayn false false
50hr kthw true false
62w4 6pg4 true true
6bbu 6l4q false false
ch5e 86f9 false true
exrf czlr false true
bnf6 cpcg false false
6qf5 girt true true
8km6 girt true false
ajoq cpcg false false
4rl 6pg4 false false
7opp 7t4x false false
cph4 hl7s false true
i5er czlr true true
2q1c czlr false true
4ipf 6pg4 false false
i8ks czlr true true
5uh3 8gnt false false
a8gt cpcg false false
hac8 cayn false true
6wva 7t4x true true
b9ay cpcg false false
7yby 6pg4 false false
dbho 8gnt false true
7qhw axsj true true
9wjj czlr false true
ccr6 cayn true false
ldd0 cayn true false
239g czlr true false
2smb 6rub true true
2jqi cayn true true
k8m1 82wq true true
9foo czlr true true
fins czlr false true
blst 6pg4 false false
1nyl czlr false false
9q8x cpcg false true
e5am czlr false true
95w 33by true false
5vju 6pg4 true false
3h94 6l4q false true
bfkq cayn true false
2hb6 czlr true true
gmz1 gcdx false true
bhvc czlr true true
2h1m cayn false false
5dkl 33by true true
72tf cpcg false true
595y 6pg4 false false
nsb 6pg4 false false
6gu5 czlr true true
2xc3 girt false false
7s6l cayn false false
6nk5 6pg4 false true
54hk 6pg4 false false
h64k 6l4q true false
3l8o czlr true true
8qvn cpcg false true
knjr czlr false false
ehpr cayn false false
1ytp 8gnt false true
655f 86f9 true false
1xgz cayn false true
50vd 7t4x true true
6e6b 6rub false true
c9s3 33by true false
5uxv cayn true true
kqzg czlr false false
i35r 33by true false
7pop czlr true false
59my 6l4q true false
hfhp fa8y false true
f0vs 6l4q true false
h8jl 33by true false
a2v 33by true false
6zvw kthw true false
brnd 6pg4 false true
ikmy kthw true false
am8b cayn true false
67uz 60fb false true
2b48 7t4x false true
dfvy 6pg4 false false
6k74 hl7s false false
bumy 6pg4 false false
aj6m 6l4q false false
dh8d 6l4q true true
ihn9 czlr false true
53es 7t4x true false
d7rb cpcg true false
6s9b czlr true false
gx6s 6pg4 false false
9os0 6rub true false
i4mz cayn false true
fol0 gcdx true false
faqw 6pg4 true true
567t 6pg4 true true
h4pz 7t4x false false
cynd cpcg true true
g36r cpcg true true
6uw4 cayn true true
ergd ais false false
6qxf czlr false true
x75 czlr true true
25xw 6pg4 true false
77w cpcg true true
4arj 8gnt false true
4i8c 33by false true
9oke 33by true true
izcq 6pg4 false true
chc cpcg true false
biar czlr false true
l1qp 6pg4 false false
jkvn cayn false true
aoey 6pg4 true false
8c06 czlr false false
buef cayn true true
5cat czlr true true
5z93 cpcg false true
1zl8 6l4q false false
kmdp czlr false false
cde1 6pg4 true true
2tpr 6rub false true
26x0 6l4q false false
3r5q 8gnt false false
9a68 cayn false false
f43j cayn false false
ary7 33by true false
davo 33by false false
kdpc kthw false true
lck0 33by true false
5wxr girt true true
7ntt 8gnt true false
4se8 6pg4 true false
4kbh cpcg false true
kukp 6pg4 false true
9iju cayn true false
k5p0 6l4q false false
fh1x cpcg false false
4aok 7t4x true false
2r83 6pg4 false true
8t2j cayn false true
djkn 8gnt false true
16pu 33by false true
841j 7t4x true true
7ik8 czlr true true
eya4 33by true false
eo64 cayn true true
1gc6 cpcg false false
94kl czlr false true
9316 czlr true false
2rse czlr true true
6r5l 86f9 false false
j3gf 86f9 false false
653v 6pg4 false true
irgf 7t4x true true
emne 6l4q false false
il88 60fb false true
kjrl kthw false false
4l85 cayn false false
3lff 8gnt false true
4kao czlr true true
d43l czlr true false
kwmr 8gnt false false
a22m 8gnt false false
4y32 6pg4 false true
2vjn czlr false false
6w92 czlr false false
g7v0 cayn true true
dguh 6pg4 false true
hjpl 6rub true true
itkf 33by false false
2vu0 czlr true false
hw5v 7t4x true true
dpe2 czlr false false
c09f czlr false true
587k cpcg false true
27b9 7t4x true true
e21u 8gnt false true
75vm cpcg true false
g3d6 czlr true false
kuxs cayn true true
7yt3 cayn true true
6yn7 cayn true true
5wn1 cpcg false true
4mdb cayn false false
kmmx 6rub false false
7kk6 cayn false true
de8v cayn false false
1paa 86f9 false true
c1tm czlr true true
6dev gcdx true false
9rmz 6pg4 true true
hmyb 33by true true
ifze 6pg4 false false
htkh czlr false true
ldr0 6rub false false
bfse 7t4x false false
dcd5 hl7s false true
8fje cayn true false
s3t 86f9 true true
l5om 6pg4 true false
gvdg cayn true true
9jc5 33by true true
hycn czlr true false
fva3 6l4q false true
avbv 6l4q true true
3g77 6pg4 false false
3ign cayn true false
9am5 6pg4 true true
jafk hl7s false false
74dc 6rub false true
6q7v kthw false true
j7c7 cayn true false
8zpy 6l4q false true
fj8r cayn false true
5ocn axsj false true
lalh 6pg4 true true
ifd2 cayn true false
n6m 8gnt false false
jfm8 60fb true false
jsu4 kthw false false
exmm 6rub false false
ge9x cayn false true
j8ac 6rub false false
hpu8 7t4x false false
wx1 6rub false true
k88q 33by true false
dcpx czlr false true
6fx9 86f9 false false
cjh6 czlr false false
g17n czlr true true
gmww 33by true false
6pr2 7t4x true false
dd0u 33by false false
6t09 czlr false true
h7l1 6rub true true
8bte czlr false true
fwxn cpcg true true
3mpb 6pg4 true false
fm2f czlr false false
73cg cayn false false
ah27 6l4q true true
jiyx czlr true false
bp76 cayn true true
cepm cpcg false true
3uwo czlr true false
e76x czlr false false
hvhg 7t4x true true
e5cq 6l4q true true
2821 86f9 true false
2n3j 6rub true true
5e1b cpcg false true
2l1m 6pg4 true false
hqro cayn true true
jny1 cpcg true true
ep9x czlr false true
7g9g czlr true false
cxxb czlr true false
3513 cpcg false true
dy1x czlr false false
d3v5 cayn true false
fjd2 7t4x false false
26r0 7t4x true true
8bwl czlr false true
2ya1 czlr false false
m3b czlr false true
hi27 czlr false true
8yr cayn false false
j911 7t4x false true
g4t3 cayn true true
gss5 cayn true true
b2vq 6rub false true
ajxo cayn true false
cf5u axsj false false
8rv0 7t4x true false
a1rd 6l4q false false
6tt2 6pg4 true false
ainc cpcg true true
7f0w cayn true false
bqfu cayn true true
ao4b 8gnt true true
azd8 czlr true true
duv czlr false false
dtxu 6pg4 true true
caqb czlr true false
wjh cayn false false
76s9 33by true true
2u65 czlr true true
gnh8 6l4q false false
l4o5 hl7s true true
3wld 6l4q false true
b79j cayn false false
89xc cayn true true
ggoq czlr false false
hg4c czlr true false
gqrw 7t4x true true
9agm jvb8 true false
bn6t cayn false true
4c0a 6l4q false false
6nnz 7t4x false true
l07w cpcg false false
84y7 cpcg false true
cyoa 6pg4 true false
31sb czlr true false
a4hd 7t4x false true
ihqd czlr true true
ddto czlr true false
6vb1 6pg4 false true
ehqb 6pg4 true false
a14q czlr false true
h6xp 86f9 false false
kcgm cayn false true
krmb 6l4q true false
2zu8 czlr false true
c6fb cayn true true
i0mb 86f9 false true
gkos czlr false true
ctic cayn false false
2gmb cayn true true
8xup 7t4x true false
dzdx 82wq true false
g1jm cayn false false
5u9r czlr false false
cnxk 6pg4 true true
b8cg axsj false false
5lru 6l4q false false
d01u 6pg4 false false
gpu9 cayn false false
83co 6pg4 true true
fepk 86f9 true true
13pt cayn true false
cgmw 7t4x false true
cmsh cayn false true
e3zt axsj true true
9a1c 7t4x false false
4dlb czlr true false
6beg czlr true false
j9wg cayn true true
ef5k 7t4x true false
5qs6 cpcg false true
itkx 33by false true
hot2 6pg4 true false
hfyq cayn true true
c9ov czlr true false
epk5 7t4x false true
1c9f 8gnt true false
akix cayn false false
hq2x hl7s true false
fb26 czlr false true
2oou 6pg4 false true
7xsp cpcg true true
aeas 6pg4 true false
7a52 cayn false false
f0yz czlr false false
i63i czlr true false
iusl czlr true false
jxan cpcg true true
c6pi 8gnt false false
7gqt czlr false false
fs67 czlr false false
7deq 33by false true
3ljc czlr false true
g2nb cayn false true
9s1k 33by true false
grkg cayn false false
5a6s 6pg4 false true
1sim 6pg4 false true
av3x 6pg4 false false
ezuq czlr true true
dz0y 86f9 true true
dor 8gnt true true
jpdu kthw true false
dust 7t4x true false
8yrf czlr false true
bmjz cpcg true true
eqtu czlr false false
2qnt 6pg4 true false
637w 7t4x true false
i06z czlr false true
84gq cayn false false
1m6y cpcg false false
fn5x cayn true true
jiwb 6pg4 true false
5sx4 kthw true false
6stt 7t4x true true
92w kthw true false
fwjf cayn true true
baph czlr true false
3tn2 6pg4 false false
ivie czlr false true
2i2n 6pg4 false true
4nic czlr true false
7vp2 cpcg true false
2vr 6pg4 true true
3fru cayn true true
6u3b cayn false false
f923 6rub true true
81wh cayn true true
1ahc 33by true true
6itl cayn false false
dcd4 axsj true false
imqx czlr false false
94bu 6pg4 false false
bisb czlr true true
ass8 7t4x true true
262w 86f9 true false
bf1y 6l4q true true
dtpo 6rub true false
b267 60fb false true
64zs cayn true true
e0gu czlr true false
jvzb cpcg true false
8m6p cayn true false
dxb9 axsj false true
6zhn 6pg4 true false
90u5 8gnt true true
lamc 6pg4 false false
f2x6 6pg4 true true
eh4s 6rub true true
ahjl czlr true false
9fry cayn false false
8mb6 7t4x false false
f77z 6l4q true false
kcst hl7s true false
5kbe 6rub false true
2zox 6pg4 true true
e0mv czlr false true
jzhx 6pg4 true true
hg3g czlr false true
kakh 6rub true true
1vi 6pg4 true false
6gkv 6pg4 false false
hrzs 6rub true true
93ot cayn true false
b98z czlr true false
4dh5 7t4x true true
bqi6 4f6w false true
cuvk kthw true true
gvq5 7t4x false true
7yno 33by true false
422r cayn false false
k85i 6rub false true
kaq9 czlr true false
97k9 86f9 true false
kp9l czlr false false
b1rx cpcg false false
6nj1 6pg4 false true
kd7t cpcg false true
k4jt 6pg4 false false
g2gh 6pg4 false false
1xud cpcg true true
aaf0 czlr false true
k6wq 6l4q true false
cpub 6pg4 false true
a8ac cpcg true true
695t 7t4x true true
67k2 60fb true true
cozy cayn true true
bpaz 6pg4 true false
g0fb cayn true true
anx0 6l4q true true
ffh1 czlr true false
gv4h 86f9 true false
kr0o 6pg4 false true
gkqi 6rub false true
4wus cayn false true
7xea 60fb true true
8cr6 60fb false true
56nk 6l4q false false
k6l1 6rub false false
2o7o 7t4x true true
g905 czlr true false
cph9 6rub false true
an4j 6l4q false false
34ti czlr false true
c4j4 33by true true
iai9 7t4x false true
64sj cayn false true
51k2 cayn true true
bbdu 6pg4 false true
exar 60fb true false
fxsr 33by true false
1tyv 82wq false false
55j3 cpcg false false
cddv cpcg true false
l3vk 6pg4 true false
fcp4 cayn true true
33aj kthw true true
dgp7 czlr true false
6r7z czlr true true
3ytu cayn true true
hkw9 cayn false false
6woi aef8 true true
hink cayn true true
80xk cpcg false false
ed5l 6pg4 false false
8jdl cpcg true true
4ptv cpcg false false
gbrb 33by false false
13wy hl7s false false
jtnf kthw true true
d34l 7t4x false false
70qr cpcg false false
2h4u czlr false false
h5jn czlr true false
b29o 7t4x false false
if4v 6pg4 true false
jkux 7t4x true false
5sod 6pg4 true false
ede7 cayn false true
7rze inug false false
k6uv 86f9 true true
d4ph cayn true true
hgne 7t4x false true
k908 86f9 true true
28vd gcdx false false
kusk czlr false true
f2on 33by false false
4qi9 6l4q false true
26uz 33by true true
jv7f jvb8 false false
2ol czlr true false
anve hl7s false true
3i8t czlr false true
f042 czlr false false
gfe1 czlr true true
hm9c 7t4x true true
376b 6rub true false
lc5g cpcg true false
6g8h cpcg true true
ime2 7t4x true true
4sak 33by false true
ieca aef8 true true
gp69 cayn false true
h0yo 60fb true false
e7x0 7t4x true true
3lbe czlr false true
8295 cayn true false
7mzg 6rub false false
2plc 6rub false true
es83 cayn true true
hr4u 8gnt true true
26et cayn true false
9kdm cayn true true
bs15 czlr true false
hp3 7t4x false true
ht3v 7t4x false true
5e9y cpcg false true
d3gj czlr false false
cv32 czlr false false
b47v czlr false true
9smx inug true true
8hb3 1rvg false false
9kow cayn true false
j8rv czlr true true
96io 6rub true true
7fwn 6pg4 true false
hmqr 6pg4 false false
k50i czlr false false
686c czlr false true
2e9z 8gnt true false
a067 6pg4 false true
1wht 33by false false
kwsr cayn false false
f2o9 7t4x false true
aubo cayn false true
l66t 6rub true true
jyv1 cpcg false true
c8hr cpcg false false
6dxa 33by true false
af2p cayn true false
g95m axsj true false
3vk cpcg true true
h3fo cayn true false
ir4h cayn true false
15ws czlr true true
3tad cayn false true
hsei 6pg4 false false
hisg cayn false true
767b cayn true true
fyt5 6pg4 true false
8fm0 6rub false true
9d5c 6pg4 false false
enin 8gnt true false
66q9 cayn false true
6ara 6pg4 false true
k7wu 6l4q true false
ixps 6rub false true
a8jn 8gnt false false
hjji 6pg4 true true
4m3v cayn false true
kf9w cpcg true false
cutp 7t4x false true
eng5 6rub true false
94bv cayn true false
6hp4 6pg4 false true
ebzn 86f9 true false
1vv2 6rub false true
d1rq 6pg4 false false
hs6m czlr false true
dd9f 8gnt true true
awgh czlr true true
cy08 cayn false true
4x5h cayn false true
27cq hl7s false false
2jr0 czlr true true
cdiw 6pg4 false true
h77r 33by false true
iano 7t4x false false
i451 6pg4 false true
3io3 cayn true false
kmg4 czlr true false
aly8 czlr true false
3og0 cayn false true
l5qv 7t4x true true
7tzu cayn true false
4eej czlr false false
dsog czlr false false
db0 czlr false true
4c6a cpcg false false
2eo5 cayn false false
42bj 6l4q true true
kpd9 cpcg false false
z9j czlr true true
o5m 86f9 true true
km08 6pg4 true true
5nnl cayn false true
ded5 86f9 false false
oxg cayn true false
kx6v 6pg4 false true
f6xy czlr true false
e2dr cayn true true
77y0 czlr false true
78al cayn false true
3v0g 6l4q false false
5jo8 6l4q true false
kc8l cpcg true false
lge 6l4q true true
jpj 6pg4 true true
6w41 6rub false false
auii czlr false false
1q3v 6pg4 false true
32fu hl7s false true
7uov inug false true
i3in 33by true true
7fu0 czlr true false
e04i czlr false false
8qtr 6rub false false
9xl2 cayn false false
kmrs 6pg4 false true
bs94 cayn false false
l092 6l4q true false
jy4q cpcg false false
544c 6rub false false
as19 6rub true true
apq7 czlr false false
f7le 33by true true
t8n 6pg4 true false
bu82 kthw true false
l2cp cayn true false
ahop jvb8 false false
dld6 cayn true true
i4u3 cpcg false true
8j5k inug false true
7ayv 60fb true false
61p2 kthw false true
l6e2 czlr true false
h1l9 33by true false
484f czlr true false
iy37 cpcg false false
1z6u czlr true true
8rs1 czlr false false
g024 jvb8 true true
eowf cayn false false
1fri 6pg4 true true
f6op 7t4x false true
akaq 6rub true false
59w5 6pg4 false false
kdyp hl7s true true
3v0p gcdx false false
exzy 6pg4 true true
ctjx czlr true true
ewu5 czlr false true
a8ap 7t4x true false
dcwv 6rub false false
gu8c czlr true false
4mhu cayn false true
ezla cpcg false false
iw6x 6pg4 false false
1nfe czlr false true
glj1 czlr true true
524b kthw true false
cixw 6pg4 true true
9vb3 6rub false true
krsz czlr false true
cbc3 33by false true
3xa3 cpcg true false
laoz cayn true true
h3t0 cayn true true
iw0j kthw false false
j5ew 6l4q false true
a5ba czlr false false
cb8o 86f9 true true
bbp2 czlr false true
8nuk czlr false true
hxkl 6pg4 false true
c9jc 6rub true false
4851 6rub true false
8qoy 33by false true
kpfa cpcg false true
1zri 33by false false
advg ais true true
3e7m 7t4x true true
kz3r cayn false true
7hnr 6l4q true true
l39p czlr true true
d248 hl7s true true
hh56 60fb false false
wgg czlr false true
dmf3 33by true false
d5g3 6pg4 true false
my9 czlr true true
aoy2 czlr true true
a92r czlr true false
ggtr 86f9 true true
hbr6 cayn false true
fybd 7t4x false false
iyi3 7t4x false true
4xj4 6pg4 true false
3jcu 7t4x false true
dz2d 7t4x true false
fn5i czlr false false
gegr 8gnt true false
h6qz 6pg4 false false
imov hl7s false false
4isx girt false true
chfc 8gnt true true
3wcc czlr true false
5hm8 cpcg true false
l3zh 8gnt false false
e3i 6pg4 false false
cpti cpcg false false
80og cayn false false
boz1 czlr true true
4igj jvb8 false false
75hu gcdx false true
gaaq 8gnt true true
j8ie 86f9 true true
150u cayn false false
68e2 6pg4 false true
ea1q cayn true false
eirl 33by false true
fjxd 60fb false true
g53t 6pg4 true false
c0mg 6pg4 true false
blzt 6pg4 false true
abp3 6rub true false
1v79 czlr true true
7tkz 6pg4 false true
5ykv 33by true false
k9cj 7t4x false true
4b9r 8gnt false false
9d3x 8gnt false true
8y17 6rub true false
1h4t 7t4x false false
g11f kthw true false
1i5u czlr false true
931j 6pg4 false false
8g23 cpcg true true
g5ql kthw true true
8xq7 6pg4 false false
2m2 hl7s false false
dpgv 6pg4 false true
2u9x 8gnt false true
3fha 6l4q true false
alzm czlr true false
3h6x jvb8 true true
8jo1 cayn false false
8789 czlr false false
7dy1 33by false false
1zj6 czlr true true
dgpi 6rub true false
8nn9 cayn false false
1700 6pg4 false false
d2du czlr false true
fk49 6pg4 false true
9mi2 cpcg false true
28tb 6pg4 false true
j4qc 7t4x true true
6lpn cayn true true
1dz5 8gnt true false
awhh cayn true false
dj8h czlr false false
4t7k kthw false false
dkvx czlr true false
j09c 6pg4 false false
d47q 86f9 false true
ekfh 7t4x true false
22lr czlr false false
cmqn jvb8 true false
ehr1 gcdx false false
6jv4 cayn false true
izex cpcg false false
dg6v 6pg4 false false
491g cayn true true
6sew czlr true true
4f6f aef8 true true
fsky czlr true false
ff8r czlr false true
1kbc czlr false false
c3iy 6rub true true
a5nj hl7s true false
gen4 8gnt true false
32tc 6rub false true
ux cpcg false true
50gu hl7s false true
j9a7 7t4x false false
l15l 8gnt true true
2c9y cayn false true
iez3 6pg4 true false
41qt cpcg true false
3eog 6pg4 true false
441o cayn false true
j94 cayn true false
e45u cayn true false
h5j3 czlr false true
caeu cpcg true false
k023 czlr false true
9qe1 cayn true true
78rp 8gnt false true
aard 6pg4 true false
4qy2 czlr false true
ao1p 60fb false true
ipr3 cpcg false true
i6v cpcg false true
4ufw cpcg true true
d018 cayn false false
grur cayn true false
8xqq czlr true false
1n81 6pg4 true false
2g3r 6pg4 false false
3t9o 33by true false
jmhr 7t4x true true
1x3f czlr true false
bkla inug false false
2g9b cayn false false
8fbx 6rub true true
e4xx 7t4x true false
6a3v 6pg4 true true
490q czlr false false
5n02 hl7s false false
77yv cayn false false
75qw cpcg true false
c2pg czlr false false
3iuu cpcg false true
hr7t 6l4q true false
981w 6l4q true true
4sag 6pg4 true false
2zmu cayn true false
1wna czlr true true
6j6g cayn false true
9zut 7t4x false false
28f5 cayn false false
gtq czlr false false
gs11 czlr false true
h8fi cpcg true true
idzu cpcg true true
npr 7t4x false true
55ql cayn false false
933d czlr true false
d74k cayn true false
ex5n cayn false false
ldpx cpcg false true
5ih cayn false true
a0n9 cpcg true false
h7b2 czlr false false
4vcb czlr true true
aado cayn false false
k5gt 7t4x false false
ahye cayn true true
2bi5 hl7s false true
ibvr cpcg true true
6fai cpcg true false
dx8w 33by false true
8usk czlr false false
1tff 33by false false
8wk 6rub false true
4dg2 7t4x false true
l7wf czlr false true
kjwu 6pg4 true true
hoj8 cayn false true
3etd cayn false false
d3vh czlr true false
gpv2 86f9 true true
277w 1rvg true false
9ad1 33by false false
21ql 6pg4 true true
dl2n cpcg true true
3gs 6pg4 false false
25vj 6pg4 false true
4t4j cpcg true true
dkg2 czlr true false
147v 6pg4 true false
ggw3 86f9 true true
8gyr 8gnt true true
8f11 7t4x true false
1hnd cpcg true false
jb8m 6pg4 true false
5nji cayn true true
khyu cpcg false false
k89u cayn true false
2oc6 cayn false true
hrmr 6rub false false
cuv8 60fb false true
j3p8 cpcg true false
8sw4 cayn true false
2o8t cayn true true
h1xr 1rvg true true
24uk 7t4x true true
hsnm cayn false true
8n65 cpcg true false
bo15 33by false false
21jc czlr false false
jcqm czlr false false
jpqc czlr true false
al21 czlr true false
jffq czlr true false
wzw 6pg4 false true
a8fb cayn true false
g5b5 6pg4 true false
ka8 6l4q true true
26dr 8gnt true true
1czl 8gnt true false
4agd 6l4q true true
6q3b girt false false
huw cpcg true false
flsf cpcg true false
cdd4 86f9 false false
3403 cpcg true false
ihk7 cpcg true false
kw5t 6rub false false
47vw 8gnt false false
l8ph 33by false true
cgwh 6pg4 true true
j07g 6pg4 true false
1vpc cayn true false
2zt 6pg4 false true
ck0p cayn true false
c5tt 6l4q true true
5nob 7t4x true true
1c17 kthw true true
fu23 82wq true true
628r 6pg4 true true
h3j1 7t4x true false
1xux czlr true true
61n8 cayn true true
4jvv cayn false false
4zqr 6pg4 false false
8bcv 33by true false
9kcx cayn true true
18ve cayn false true
icj1 cayn false true
ejtp cpcg true true
6co cpcg false true
p3s 33by false false
eoh3 cayn false true
fuim axsj false false
9n14 cayn true true
1rd0 6pg4 false true
49ja 6l4q false false
glqn 8gnt false false
r9d czlr false false
dauh cayn false false
sbk 6pg4 true true
e15 33by true true
92lo cpcg true true
2v7j 8gnt false false
8skx 86f9 true false
g0er czlr true true
kge2 cayn true false
4dtc 6pg4 false true
kjfg 33by true false
hjkz cayn true false
iocx 33by false true
j8yo cayn true true
3w2p cayn false false
2373 czlr true false
1aw5 6l4q true false
57ng czlr false false
c8dt 60fb true true
i4en 86f9 false false
12m8 cpcg true false
ddrp cpcg true true
nz2 8gnt true true
8o2s 33by false true
hw95 hl7s false false
3bag cayn false true
41h9 6pg4 true true
l44z 6pg4 true true
ixhz 6pg4 true false
3qyw 7t4x true true
l4df 7t4x true true
ea9t 6l4q false true
8v4y 6pg4 true false
gqik czlr true false
277d czlr true false
1l7p czlr false true
d6n8 33by true false
9q8v 82wq false false
iue6 ais true true
ath7 cayn false true
4j82 gcdx false true
bcev czlr false false
1sdq 6pg4 true true
1r6y jvb8 false true
tfa cayn false false
amjk 6pg4 true true
79ag czlr true true
2vu8 6pg4 false true
9luf 33by false true
bh1v 6rub true true
ej29 60fb true true
kg3q 6pg4 true true
ky3f czlr true true
gxzu 7t4x true true
k8ju cayn true false
7m9j cayn false false
gcds cayn true true
h4ui hl7s true true
5ksf 33by true true
3l8l czlr false true
hanv cayn false false
eh3g girt false true
ety2 7t4x false false
gqc0 cayn true true
jmmc 6l4q false true
l2ul cayn false true
g9h8 cpcg true true
eg3r czlr false true
bh7z 86f9 false false
lbun cayn true true
gq25 6pg4 false false
fmzw cayn false false
bfks cayn true false
3w8l cayn false true
5730 cayn false false
5qoo hl7s true true
hyde 60fb false false
2j5g cpcg false false
3v0w cayn true true
2td2 6rub true true
e5p1 czlr true true
4bru 8gnt false true
krdz cayn false false
3fjk 6rub true true
j7k0 7t4x false false
6jk7 czlr false false
3w8a hl7s false false
3g15 6pg4 false true
9s6m czlr true false
1yw1 86f9 true false
hqi7 cayn false false
637m cayn true true
cs08 czlr false true
l5mi cayn true true
5w5n czlr true true
7h4w cayn true true
iyed 6rub true false
a936 cayn true true
5l0c czlr true false
fp3j czlr true false
hr2r cpcg true true
crz0 cayn true true
68hw 6l4q true false
dynm 33by true false
1hoi 6rub true true
2jxg cayn true false
54hc cpcg true false
4427 cayn false false
jqv0 8gnt true true
44ee kthw false true
czg5 cayn false true
uum 7t4x false false
1f9k gcdx false true
15bo czlr true true
5qqj cpcg true true
cjca 6rub true false
k8yi 7t4x false true
9vnj axsj false true
kzcz 7t4x true true
h6te 33by true false
r3g czlr false true
edj6 axsj true true
4wuf 6pg4 false true
imgy 7t4x false true
bjpv 7t4x true false
60si cpcg true false
jn4o girt true false
7ww8 cayn false true
1yrj 7t4x true false
iw01 cayn false false
dx9d hl7s true false
hsdr cayn true true
ajpi czlr true true
5v4g 7t4x true false
9eny 6pg4 false false
euta 6pg4 true true
845r cayn false true
2g42 cayn true true
f80w 6pg4 false true
3191 8gnt true true
9yho czlr false false
gu0d 8gnt true false
kue 8gnt true true
ahf9 czlr false false
hx3t 6rub true true
sbt cpcg true false
fev3 czlr false true
izdr czlr false true
4e1n czlr false false
fshs gcdx false true
hwcw cayn false true
e3yk czlr true true
6y6d czlr false true
9mat 8gnt true true
i2ub 6pg4 true false
1pgr 6rub false true
10tf 6pg4 false false
c5tz czlr true false
auuv 6pg4 true false
18kr 7t4x true false
kfgu cayn false false
217s czlr true false
4ho7 33by false false
69z6 cayn true false
89uw 6rub true true
cods czlr false false
gxbx czlr true true
bwi2 czlr false true
egsl 8gnt false false
3wwo 6pg4 true false
klc7 gcdx true false
1sbf hl7s true false
6j54 cayn false true
drvt czlr false false
aqim 33by true true
kw10 czlr true false
4pxs 6rub true true
b0ru 6rub true false
3ckk cpcg false true
97al 7t4x false false
br6l 6pg4 false true
dgsx cpcg false false
9oc6 6pg4 true false
1l6h 33by false false
hlb8 czlr true true
9um5 girt true true
72ec 6rub true false
asjb cpcg true false
9lqo czlr true false
ffja 6pg4 false true
5jth 6pg4 true true
63o2 6l4q false true
cq46 cayn false true
8ntv cayn false false
d7dr czlr false true
1hd4 7t4x true true
5sd5 cayn false true
2odp 6pg4 false false
ee3 60fb true false
db84 6pg4 true true
iq5q 6pg4 false false
3g7 7t4x true false
bmft 7t4x true true
9yqs cayn true true
bg2r 6rub true false
1d6u cdfy true false
b4c6 kthw false false
el9k cayn false false
cmjo 7t4x true false
igpn 6l4q false false
gbet cpcg true true
8pm9 kthw true true
etcw 6rub true true
8nxt 6pg4 true false
i66y 6pg4 false true
fef6 86f9 false true
lelp 8gnt true true
2g3a cayn false true
2cz9 60fb false false
egxc gcdx false false
eoi9 cayn true false
6d5f 6l4q false true
901y cpcg false false
eyc4 hl7s false true
5kjt 6rub false false
8q3j cayn false false
8szg 6rub false false
e4ik 8gnt false true
cnhi cayn false true
jacb czlr true true
7rr8 czlr false false
qbl 6pg4 true true
2h1u cayn true true
av4j 86f9 false true
1cmk cpcg true false
dh34 cayn false false
984u czlr true true
4tnq cpcg true true
gdrj cayn false true
dh8k 6pg4 false false
9pir czlr true false
dpaj cpcg false false
8uqd 6pg4 true true
fei0 33by true false
342d 6rub false true
egi1 6l4q false true
5i0w czlr false true
7s0q inug true false
422h cayn true true
187o 6pg4 true false
11dg 6pg4 false true
krg4 czlr false false
cvhs czlr true false
84jb czlr true true
26di kthw false true
i9if cpcg false true
7kfx cayn true false
enls gcdx false false
hv4k 86f9 false true
6tx7 6pg4 false true
3ar8 7t4x false true
kfet 8gnt true false
f48j 6pg4 false false
faxp cayn false true
5ci cpcg true false
eyva czlr true true
g99u 6pg4 false true
8tg3 czlr false false
bvuh cpcg true false
2m0b cpcg true true
7vva 6pg4 false true
c6yx cpcg true true
bvwf 6pg4 false false
h736 7t4x true false
kzuc 6pg4 false false
1srd czlr false false
2g4o 6pg4 true true
i60z czlr false false
kgtu 33by false true
jj58 6pg4 true true
8o7d 6pg4 false false
giwo czlr false false
2jhm 6pg4 true false
iv17 eonr false true
b59f cayn false false
4qqs cayn true false
6p9b cayn true false
9pmb czlr false false
k75e cayn false false
1ayp 6rub false true
cyde 60fb true false
4iny cpcg true true
k5pj 6pg4 true true
4pka czlr true false
c73t 33by false false
dzwg 6l4q false false
9f6n 6pg4 true false
5dyc 86f9 true true
10zc 6l4q false false
7grn 60fb false true
2u3k gcdx false true
1c51 czlr true true
in8w cayn false true
97sj czlr false true
eey7 cayn false false
ipi0 8gnt false false
5ck4 czlr false false
81yv cpcg true true
dt1r axsj false false
wke cpcg false true
idt6 czlr false false
e3n 7t4x false false
1jud cayn false false
kzer 6l4q false true
e95u czlr true true
kkjl hl7s false true
gwte 6pg4 true true
g1r5 6l4q true true
bs70 7t4x true false
htdt cpcg true false
7lxd gcdx false false
393d cayn true true
3g8p 7t4x false true
aiw2 6pg4 true false
2pa7 jvb8 true false
4h96 6rub false true
ia91 czlr false true
5ipu 8gnt false false
1c4z czlr true true
acet jvb8 false true
8mza cayn false false
gq7p 6pg4 false false
gcfn cayn false false
gflc 86f9 false true
68ru 86f9 false true
88j7 7t4x false true
9hhf 6l4q false false
1d2q cayn false false
g3b 6pg4 true false
8ktm 6l4q true true
3cpp cpcg false true
7lsl 6pg4 false false
24hq 33by false true
4krd czlr false true
jk00 cayn false true
7rtr 6pg4 false true
6y0b 6pg4 false true
7fa6 girt false true
31ah 6rub false false
46p5 eonr true true
f6g3 6pg4 true true
gmpo 6rub false true
g3ah 7t4x true true
4jjv cayn false true
d6r1 33by false false
3697 7t4x true true
1hsr 1rvg false true
bvz6 czlr true true
ga8a czlr false false
32u2 czlr true true
j3s8 7t4x true false
bz5m cayn true true
h43a 6pg4 true false
cm7c 6pg4 true false
fijc 6rub false true
5tm0 jvb8 false false
jql8 czlr false false
ne1 inug true true
1z73 czlr false false
wa7 cayn true false
dmk5 7t4x true false
5xzz 6rub false false
fk64 czlr true false
k9y4 6rub true false
5rcc czlr true false
bkpn jvb8 true false
8fqb 33by true true
3wwj 6rub false true
dqx9 czlr false false
cnrg 6pg4 false true
7w20 8gnt true false
am02 cayn true true
8tn9 33by false false
ge0b 6pg4 true true
3owy cayn true false
ixu4 czlr false false
i59e 8gnt false true
8dud 6pg4 false true
7m4 cpcg true false
9vv0 6pg4 false false
4044 6l4q false true
alhd czlr false true
5u1x 7t4x true true
grsz czlr false true
c0sw czlr true true
f5pr cpcg true false
9hyq hl7s true true
ambf czlr true false
hpz4 33by false false
hsid 60fb true true
fypg cayn false false
8vv4 cayn false true
hxl 6pg4 true true
e9k0 33by true false
b6ve 7t4x false true
e5wn 7t4x true false
9oqs 6rub true false
ko0s 6pg4 false true
8ub 855g true false
5z1z 8gnt false false
8jm3 6pg4 false false
dtbw 6pg4 false true
9bsq 60fb false true
7inj hl7s false true
57ne girt true false
bpe1 33by false false
4bls czlr true false
l5om czlr true true
7i6u cayn true true
hk8p czlr false false
402e cpcg false true
dign 6pg4 true false
hxly cayn false false
hj18 7t4x false false
ifc0 cayn false true
4bf0 33by true true
j1g4 6pg4 true true
ay96 kthw true false
8c7l 6pg4 true true
6oen cayn true false
c4ub czlr false false
hm1u czlr false false
jtlo czlr true true
897u cayn false false
bck9 czlr false false
7u2p 33by false false
ewgh 86f9 true true
crfy cayn false true
disu cayn false false
dppk czlr true false
gllt kthw true false
jgyq czlr false false
7yb6 cayn true false
grd1 cayn true false
1r3k 33by true true
jrhl 7t4x true true
7p5e jvb8 true false
c51y czlr true true
9v5e cayn false false
fihb hl7s false false
8ltx 6pg4 false true
3jbs 33by true true
4t1g 7t4x false false
ddyj cayn true true
cr3e czlr true true
gsz9 cayn true true
jldt 6pg4 false true
5yk3 girt false true
91s7 6pg4 false true
i513 33by true true
2p9f czlr true false
e7pq 7t4x false false
6lvk czlr false false
8cy8 6pg4 false true
8gid czlr false false
40su cpcg false true
ys8 6pg4 true true
3xwi czlr true false
edmv cpcg false false
3u0 cayn true true
5m3k cayn true true
ih15 cpcg true true
hea9 6pg4 true false
9c0o axsj false true
g1zj czlr true false
ebog 6rub true true
gs2y czlr false false
ky7d cayn false true
j57f czlr false true
g3k1 cpcg true true
55g7 cayn false true
cjqx czlr true true
8upu czlr true false
9em0 cayn false true
7xgn 6rub true false
afps 60fb false false
cqu 6pg4 false false
dqab cayn true true
fnx9 cayn true true
4eui kthw false true
a2hy czlr true false
4jlu cdfy true true
k1d cpcg false true
dwmu 7t4x true false
ftsp cayn false false
j8g4 cayn false true
1m9q czlr false true
2ggr aef8 true true
8zs5 cayn false true
4iq czlr false false
awgc czlr true false
f4tr 6pg4 true true
3c76 cayn true true
aa41 cayn false true
jcqr 6pg4 true true
jil2 czlr false false
3rnd cayn true true
1meo 33by false false
aarf czlr false false
k99v czlr true true
3wzx hl7s false true
3eyo 6rub true false
l6pm 6l4q false true
50mo 6rub false false
49xg 6l4q true false
dea0 cayn true false
k1y9 cayn false true
dd8p 86f9 true false
ei33 czlr false true
l9pn cayn false true
jtqj axsj true false
l3l4 86f9 false true
fy1 cpcg true false
2foc 33by true false
autg cayn false false
905l 6pg4 false false
g8w9 6pg4 true true
k7hk cayn false true
2je5 czlr true false
gwmr 6l4q true false
2c42 cayn true false
aze5 6l4q true true
5w1n 6pg4 false true
orf cayn false true
663y cayn false false
2oel 33by false true
g2ih 6pg4 true true
25jp cayn true false
e96p cayn false true
b5qz czlr true false
3mje cayn true false
3k8k axsj false true
2s9v cpcg false true
dhla 6rub true true
ldgb 33by true false
bggl 60fb false true
5600 cayn true false
bsok czlr false false
elwa 33by true false
l1fu 33by false true
jnay 6rub false false
54tr czlr false false
9jkh 8gnt true true
3tal cayn false false
103w cpcg true false
6ept 6pg4 true false
go1l 6pg4 false false
dn13 cayn false true
cabv cpcg false false
39du 60fb false false
jxf0 6l4q false true
6zqo aef8 true true
czq0 33by true true
1hcv czlr true true
8q14 6pg4 true true
e79w cayn true false
5h5r 86f9 true false
kcwc cayn true true
cqtv czlr true false
ewfn cayn false true
a3ul czlr false false
hvrf czlr true false
7u0k 6pg4 true true
koqk czlr false true
hhl gcdx true true
kyio 6pg4 false false
kvfe aef8 true false
9ucw 6pg4 true true
pak czlr true true
866g jqeh true true
4cc9 7t4x false true
fzjc 33by true true
d1x3 6l4q true true
jepq czlr true true
fhy9 czlr false true
2a5p 6pg4 true false
1f8m 7t4x true true
keq5 cayn true false
fxwk cayn false false
bzti 33by false false
9n5f cpcg false true
9kvz 6pg4 false true
bxqj czlr false true
e346 czlr true false
aris czlr false true
k5zb cayn true false
lau4 6l4q true false
6nr4 czlr true false
ey78 6rub false false
5xrp cpcg true false
cq83 czlr false false
lbtn cayn false true
66g3 cpcg true true
3ld5 cayn false false
2upi cpcg false true
a0rf 7t4x true true
3m2q 6pg4 true true
976p cpcg true true
bj16 60fb true false
2s8z 86f9 false true
g7pt 86f9 true false
f4be 6pg4 false true
219i 6pg4 true false
iu5m cpcg true false
c66d czlr true false
66qr cayn false true
hc33 6pg4 true true
gzqf girt false true
fbjp czlr true false
jyjo cpcg true true
ebaj jvb8 false true
imwr 6pg4 false false
iv2h cpcg false false
k34c cpcg true true
ec70 czlr true true
ef4l cpcg true true
ccmp cayn true false
haho 33by false false
d245 6pg4 false true
529j cayn false true
og1 33by true true
65l4 6pg4 false true
9v65 86f9 true true
ffe3 hl7s true false
8k2z cayn true true
850j 6pg4 true false
8ycs 6pg4 false false
hjpf hl7s false false
r0t 7t4x true true
e5zj 33by false false
cobm 33by false true
c3k2 8gnt false true
ckjm czlr false false
7wk4 60fb true true
gimw 33by false true
gtyi 7t4x true false
65na 6pg4 true true
4kte axsj false false
c6qk 6pg4 true true
l065 6pg4 false true
j33m 6l4q true false
3kp0 czlr false true
ftr4 86f9 true false
jvl5 cpcg true false
37hg czlr true true
ejdx cayn false true
4ucw czlr false true
8o8d 6l4q true true
298p czlr true true
3osm cpcg false false
dmjc 60fb false true
g353 girt true false
ixny 6rub false true
f40n 33by true true
1jdn cayn false true
1dz9 cayn false false
6e5r 6rub false true
9sm5 6rub true false
4gso cpcg false true
7br9 cpcg true true
118a czlr true false
1us6 7t4x false false
3qfz cayn true false
p6s cayn true true
daux cayn true false
cwmw kthw true false
1kbz 6rub true false
51s2 cpcg true false
ky7w czlr false false
58k4 cpcg true false
1gn8 6pg4 false true
7z28 czlr true false
em9l czlr true false
brug 60fb true false
807t 33by true false
apt4 czlr true true
3lwd 7t4x false true
hawo kthw false true
cnbe 6pg4 true false
h5am 6pg4 true true
1m7r cayn false false
1yhj 86f9 false true
kmhm kthw false false
etso 33by true true
e40b czlr true false
chg8 6pg4 true true
hjcz cayn false true
5pih cayn false true
7v43 cpcg true false
41m6 6pg4 false true
dn8y 7t4x true false
7w5f cayn true true
ewf0 cayn false true
k7v0 cpcg false true
edyp czlr true true
6dgx 7t4x true true
2thm 7t4x false true
le9a czlr false true
6224 czlr false true
5twk 8gnt true false
1cnn 33by true false
1bil hl7s false false
124k 6pg4 true false
jibg cayn true true
9lrd 7t4x true true
7qli cayn false true
iap1 cpcg false true
4h1i 6l4q false true
7e46 cpcg true false
ahe5 6pg4 true false
dzwb cayn false false
61zh cpcg false false
9dnh 6l4q false false
jitu cayn false true
37k cpcg true true
9zot 6pg4 false false
7xuq 6pg4 false false
elxm hl7s false true
48g8 33by false true
4p88 6rub false false
jdj3 6pg4 true false
f39r kthw false true
hch5 6rub false true
kbls 7t4x false false
844t 6rub true true
7ql8 6pg4 true false
ar63 7t4x true false
3njo czlr false true
hm0b cayn false true
68qx czlr true true
cacl 6pg4 true true
ihn4 cayn true false
9fqh cpcg false false
j3b3 czlr false true
1o1l cayn true false
l03o cayn false false
e2bh girt true true
dcrk 6pg4 true false
12np cpcg false false
3rsp 60fb true true
iyxq 6pg4 false false
k1sz czlr true true
fova cpcg false false
31uj czlr true true
fnuz kthw true true
71lu 86f9 false false
gcn6 7t4x false true
2xtz 33by false false
fpnf 7t4x false false
gr45 cpcg false true
j799 6l4q true true
2xgr 6pg4 false false
ftv5 6pg4 false false
aans cpcg true false
8len hl7s true true
ieo9 cayn false true
euwz czlr true false
ksrv czlr true false
752j cayn true true
8ovc 6l4q true false
5sb4 cayn false true
i43q 6rub false false
8pd8 czlr true true
9v7j czlr false false
xdk cayn false false
9r62 cpcg true false
g18u cpcg false true
ht73 cayn false false
b2xk cpcg true false
94by cayn false false
fpal cayn false true
7m3m 8gnt true true
8t9s czlr true false
9c0b 6pg4 false false
i66a cayn true true
1d59 cpcg false true
3yov cpcg true false
hkmx 7t4x true true
23ip czlr false true
8s1n 8gnt false true
cdoq hl7s false true
3kkg 6pg4 true true
fd21 6l4q false false
5rhp axsj true false
fidj 6l4q false true
eh3t 6pg4 false false
g5ep 6pg4 true true
6hg7 cpcg false true
7emj cayn true false
7v3v cayn false true
21vl 6l4q true true
k4ze cpcg true true
fmlq 7t4x true true
9ivf 6rub false true
9sgx 6rub true true
8aq4 6pg4 true false
fc3k 60fb true true
eeol czlr true false
c187 60fb false false
7mnw 6pg4 false true
56qm cpcg false true
1kuh 33by false false
cwvz cpcg true true
14te 60fb true true
2l48 czlr false true
haw2 cayn false false
68q4 cayn true false
8l0f 8gnt true false
h0a6 czlr true true
7vmh 6pg4 true true
kew0 6pg4 false false
jkk6 cayn false false
e2h4 czlr true false
1khs 33by false true
62dh 6pg4 false false
8jnr cpcg true true
ivpt 7t4x true false
8rd4 6pg4 false false
iyjd 7t4x true false
be 6l4q true true
gvf6 cayn false true
gpdu 6rub false false
fn3n cpcg false true
dyqo 6rub false true
v4j cayn false true
bhhj cpcg true true
c7vp czlr true false
h4a3 6rub false false
jx5u 7t4x true true
laf2 kthw true false
ilgc czlr true false
fbzf czlr true true
bcng cpcg true false
k1uu czlr false true
cjts cpcg true true
6g9d cayn true false
cf9e cayn true false
ckvh 33by false false
55gi cayn true false
8it2 7t4x true true
drxp 33by true true
2q8m 7t4x true true
1c0v czlr false false
av0k 7t4x true true
b8cv 6rub true false
3ix7 hl7s true true
hrqf cayn false false
ck39 cpcg true true
7i51 girt true false
3lff cpcg false false
93nv czlr true true
i63v 7t4x true false
ain5 czlr true true
87ia 6pg4 true false
3b6v czlr true false
cmik czlr true false
bh75 33by false false
4g70 6l4q true false
4yhh 6pg4 true false
kmci czlr false true
l1jl hl7s true true
ieqr 6pg4 true false
976z hl7s true true
4hk6 hl7s false true
4hzq 6l4q true false
30fd cpcg false false
g62b 60fb false false
kx1y 6l4q false false
armn cpcg true false
1b49 7t4x true true
9rgh 7t4x false false
jydp cpcg false false
bpui kthw false true
1gsi 33by false true
4kpk 7t4x true false
jvvd 6pg4 false true
4g57 czlr true false
c5os cayn true true
abqt czlr true false
6gyo cayn true true
bo1l 6pg4 true false
kwke cayn true false
jqci cpcg true true
c69p 60fb false true
je12 7t4x true false
bp68 cayn true false
2a5i a7p2 true false
54ce cayn true false
6ag9 6pg4 false false
hjm6 6l4q false false
gtnq cayn false false
9ul6 6l4q false true
5oud czlr true false
7ox2 7t4x true false
ku9y 6rub true true
7zom 6pg4 false false
jcgb axsj false true
fcc7 8gnt false true
kvkp cayn false true
2gex czlr false false
c0ct czlr false true
glcx jqeh false true
984u 6pg4 false false
8fxy cayn true true
l911 33by true true
9gyc 6rub true true
9wb1 6l4q false false
e1tx hl7s false false
30nv axsj false true
a3on 7t4x false true
9nzh 6pg4 true true
c6wf cayn false true
9e4m 33by false true
3rl 6pg4 true false
28v1 7t4x false false
96c2 7t4x true true
rqr 6pg4 true false
i9x9 cpcg false true
hxk6 cayn false false
4d29 cpcg false true
1y48 cpcg true true
fpi9 33by false true
ijq4 cayn true false
cuov 60fb false false
5tik 86f9 false true
89ax 6rub true true
4g0m 7t4x true true
esw5 cpcg false true
3m03 cpcg false false
3dom cayn true true
hknm 33by false true
rre czlr true false
9z5t jqeh true true
2d13 czlr false true
jg5o 33by true true
kauw 6pg4 true false
9ziz girt true false
9ptf czlr false true
jm5o 7t4x true false
5wkp 60fb false true
39eh cpcg false true
6zpj cayn true false
hib9 8gnt true false
irwz 6pg4 true false
ayf6 czlr true true
85qc 6pg4 true false
d5kq cpcg true false
elb 7t4x true false
dp3m czlr true true
5u2a cpcg false false
iubn 7t4x false true
8xar 7t4x false true
khn3 cpcg false false
7owc cayn false true
kx9g czlr true false
cmna 8gnt true true
7681 6pg4 false true
b3zo cpcg true false
5i38 czlr false false
73kf 6pg4 false true
bmmf cayn false false
l8p3 6pg4 true true
bghi czlr true true
1itt 6pg4 false true
kzmd 6pg4 true false
i7c9 czlr true false
91is czlr false true
awjw 6pg4 false false
27ta 7t4x false false
jlv1 86f9 false false
l5st cpcg false true
kexw kthw true false
hk14 33by false false
2th5 cpcg true true
jkn 7t4x false false
iuvv czlr false true
fvqy kthw false false
53jj cayn false true
60fc 8gnt false false
dvoz 33by false false
5vpd 6pg4 false true
hpip cpcg true true
7q2v 6pg4 true true
dj7r 6pg4 true false
3uf1 6l4q true false
38du axsj true false
7i1s cayn false false
brzg hl7s false true
bi0d 6rub false true
fe2e cayn false false
35ce 33by true false
aov1 6l4q false false
l8zs cpcg false false
jtw9 czlr false false
avr1 cayn false false
eta1 8gnt false false
4sco cpcg true false
gruv cpcg false false
b981 czlr false false
kn26 7t4x false false
j24t czlr false true
acbe cpcg false false
f2fd 7t4x true true
d030 czlr false true
dcp0 60fb false true
4aw6 6pg4 false true
4w43 6pg4 true false
edl0 cpcg true true
8ivt 33by true true
e67d czlr false true
2bgr 7t4x true true
ghy6 czlr false false
1eyn 60fb false true
8mmw 7t4x true true
32v6 6l4q false true
lals 6rub true false
kfgg 7t4x false true
2hz4 6l4q true true
eeqg czlr false true
8gag czlr true true
fsrt cpcg false false
54up czlr true false
aldf cayn false false
ivjw czlr false false
55xp 6pg4 true true
8dyk 7t4x false true
yk0 cpcg false false
kepv 33by true false
bx02 6pg4 true false
bek6 gcdx false true
az0m czlr true true
gxgk 6rub false true
agip 6rub true true
kk5f 7t4x true false
fljm czlr false true
8o79 czlr true true
35am 6pg4 false true
gvdy 60fb true true
biow cpcg true false
inda 6pg4 true true
1atn 6rub false false
g47x 6pg4 true false
fcgh 7t4x true false
4vsm 6pg4 true true
g3w7 cayn false false
7f3w 6rub false true
6u7u czlr true false
1ayz cayn false true
a3om cpcg false true
kixz 7t4x true false
2bf8 cpcg false false
c3k5 cpcg false false
gokl 6rub false true
7mti 7t4x true true
jfd3 6pg4 false true
dwkr cayn false true
2t6w czlr false true
aza3 aef8 true true
8eiw cayn true true
64vq 7t4x false true
g62v 6pg4 false true
drur cayn true false
io7y 6pg4 false false
cg8r cpcg true true
9hrz cpcg true false
gxl3 cayn true true
1hz8 6l4q true true
21o0 6rub false true
h2ia czlr false false
5axx czlr true true
68kw cayn true true
kzdn czlr true false
g115 cpcg true true
e5a4 7t4x true true
bzvc 6rub true true
neb 6pg4 false false
kcut 6pg4 false true
afp5 cayn false false
4pow cayn false true
48bj cayn true true
hfii 6pg4 false true
57n4 7t4x true false
hhk4 hl7s false false
brcw 6pg4 false false
6dk9 cayn true true
t5b czlr true true
g0ij 33by false true
cqvp 7t4x true true
b05a 6pg4 false true
7fdk 7t4x true true
e2g1 cpcg false true
bkl 86f9 false false
1s42 33by true false
1yl5 jqeh true false
grzd czlr true false
k37x cpcg true false
inb3 cayn false false
7w0n czlr false true
79k3 8gnt true false
5rzh gcdx false true
bn5p 6pg4 true true
dorl 6l4q false false
hofn cpcg false false
hwuf cpcg false false
23zf 33by false true
6wo5 6rub true true
3ezt 86f9 false true
74ac czlr true false
9amn 7t4x true true
548l 8gnt false true
2qo1 6pg4 false true
l6h czlr false true
erl2 7t4x false false
70sk axsj true false
5ik9 ais true false
7hpq cpcg true false
g575 czlr false false
a7ff cpcg true true
jsob 8gnt true true
896l cpcg false true
drnz 6pg4 true false
2y96 60fb false false
a7h1 czlr false true
en20 cpcg true true
744o czlr false false
4k9k cpcg true true
iak6 cpcg false false
96j2 7t4x false false
emrd 33by true false
bukz cayn false false
dlyo czlr true true
6v3g inug true false
8fva inug false false
a9f8 cayn true false
iea cayn true true
gr4m 7t4x false false
2frb czlr false false
43w1 czlr false true
xow czlr true true
zjh 86f9 true true
crcj 6rub true true
1eaj czlr true true
ezv2 7t4x true false
5h59 6pg4 false false
5xa6 czlr false true
dxwm czlr true false
e69f czlr true true
841h cpcg false false
jksq cayn false false
1yyl czlr false true
8nqx 33by true false
b950 czlr false true
fi4i cpcg true false
7rgs cpcg true false
ac84 czlr false false
1dwr czlr true true
3pn5 33by true true
9awm 7t4x false true
ffc5 cayn true true
j3hv 6l4q true true
5sub 33by false false
az2r cayn false true
hdtb cayn false false
21bh cpcg true true
j2qk cayn true false
6b57 6rub true true
a63y 33by false false
2l1k czlr true true
elob 33by false false
gagx 6rub false false
epz9 cpcg true true
3dra 33by false true
dy1s czlr true false
fk2m czlr false false
g713 6pg4 true true
ec65 cayn true true
11ko cpcg true false
giy4 6pg4 true true
2yy8 cpcg true false
leaz czlr true false
ezdn 86f9 true false
f03f czlr true false
3jbp 6pg4 false true
5a79 33by false true
56er 7t4x false false
2mml cpcg true false
bnks 60fb true true
eqq 6rub true false
flov czlr false true
i9cu cayn false false
kndr kthw false true
95l5 6rub false false
k1nf cayn false true
egvz cpcg true false
2tqo cayn false true
aucc cayn true false
hagy 33by true false
b27c jvb8 true true
fusq 6pg4 false false
9oxw czlr true false
cp9n cpcg false true
9pel czlr false true
etpn cayn false false
9m54 czlr false true
3rt8 cpcg false true
4vir 86f9 true false
5xv4 jvb8 false true
b3ux czlr false false
jwwx axsj true true
3gil cpcg true false
d793 cayn true false
wcm 6rub false true
eria cpcg false false
5nos 6l4q true false
jqoh cayn false false
1kly 6pg4 true false
9fva 7t4x false true
34yk czlr false true
kfrr cpcg false false
a71l czlr false false
2l5d cayn true false
9kx1 cpcg true true
fvjx kthw true true
ft6s cayn true true
eq4q cayn false true
359b 7t4x false true
k28q cayn false true
1pwf 6pg4 true false
5if2 6rub true true
2t9o cpcg true true
4fh2 6pg4 false true
3gbf 6pg4 true true
c0mr 8gnt true true
e7cf 33by true false
19yo czlr false false
9wxr czlr false true
eqtc 6pg4 true false
gk3 86f9 true false
feex czlr true true
3ktm 86f9 true true
dtif 6l4q true false
j7w9 33by true true
irfk 6rub false true
9vgp 6rub false false
fac3 33by false false
fnzu 6rub true true
8li5 cayn true true
8ef0 cayn true false
efxf czlr true true
ibu2 7t4x false true
43pk czlr true false
bsr4 6pg4 true false
l9jk czlr false true
e34v czlr false true
9rxd 33by true true
333q 6pg4 true false
6rcd 6rub false false
awma cpcg true true
7307 cpcg true true
7ouk 1rvg true true
funn cayn false true
1z7v 6pg4 true false
2slu 6pg4 true true
aql2 8gnt true false
99f9 cpcg true false
g639 czlr false true
jnjk cayn true true
hao7 jvb8 true true
4dxr cpcg false true
lef4 czlr true true
70jt 6pg4 true true
7ldm 6l4q true true
fth1 czlr true false
jdoz jvb8 true true
a8fy 6l4q false true
cnia 33by true false
7d55 cayn false false
c7ze 6pg4 false false
ffhh cayn false true
iuni 86f9 true true
8qog 86f9 true true
2jo6 cpcg true false
2vfv 6rub false true
d6fd 33by true true
gcl7 czlr true false
hl98 cayn false false
6eq6 czlr true false
fbhw czlr true false
i9wr czlr true true
51gk jvb8 true true
d9eb 86f9 true false
a52w 6pg4 false false
j98p aef8 true true
8qsl 7t4x true false
79km 7t4x false false
hj2p cpcg true false
is2j kthw true true
8nfn 8gnt false false
ipzd 8gnt false false
hros 8gnt true false
jdok 7t4x true true
5qbf 33by false true
e7rb cpcg true true
e2rm czlr false true
2e37 7t4x true false
9zj9 cayn false false
l6v2 cayn false true
4w9u czlr true true
hjoq 7t4x true false
2ayg cpcg true false
jgkq cayn true false
4amg 6pg4 false true
6wl2 cayn false true
do0e cdfy true true
2er0 6pg4 false true
h0vk cayn false false
h4ow czlr false true
cpir girt true true
9dti cayn false true
d040 cpcg false true
1plr czlr false false
clf8 cpcg false true
fc40 hl7s false true
hdgo 6l4q true true
8tuh 6rub false true
7i8t cpcg true true
sib 33by false true
98yt czlr true true
bvhp cpcg true false
zis 6pg4 false true
7qtr 6pg4 true false
8ocu 6rub false false
hb2u 8gnt true false
fvqj 6pg4 true true
8xfn 33by false false
endl 7t4x false true
6nhd 86f9 true false
dkzv 8gnt false true
2sn1 czlr true true
c4hn axsj true true
ir53 czlr false false
9xen cpcg false false
72sa cpcg true true
kebc czlr false true
hoa7 6pg4 true false
5qic czlr false true
hiv4 60fb true true
2civ cayn true true
77xm 7t4x false true
ibac 7t4x false false
dwe3 6pg4 false false
even 6pg4 false true
amk4 6pg4 true true
4aa 7t4x true false
8njh 6pg4 false true
60n1 cpcg true false
2s1g cayn true true
ghym 6pg4 false true
jka2 33by false false
6iwv cpcg false false
8o6n cpcg true false
b2uq czlr true true
bp5g cayn true false
4cz5 6pg4 true true
kkew 6pg4 false true
3nio kthw true true
c8io czlr false true
8bue cayn false true
5feu czlr true false
9amv cpcg true false
atsl 33by true false
iz29 8gnt true false
67w9 6pg4 false false
9shi czlr false true
3d8e 8gnt false true
dbfz 7t4x true false
6isw cpcg true true
ja06 33by true true
ihvq cpcg false true
11wa 6pg4 true true
hrez 33by true false
270w 60fb true true
9ljp cayn true true
662 inug false true
6ctw 7t4x true false
2a71 czlr true true
6d8 82wq true true
b9h1 czlr true false
et38 cpcg true true
jz8f 33by true true
4tr4 6rub true true
woq cpcg true true
4nnt 6pg4 true true
clk5 6rub true true
1ioh 86f9 true true
5c83 86f9 true true
gpnv 581h true true
eelv cpcg true true
hjy7 7t4x true false
ki09 6l4q true true
9olz 86f9 true false
1r1l czlr true true
hq5g 7t4x true true
cv94 czlr false true
70hj 8gnt true false
8p9s cpcg false true
2lav cayn true false
ebpm girt true false
8571 cpcg true true
hef0 33by true true
eg7v 6rub true false
2k9s czlr false false
91tf czlr false true
16cz 6l4q false true
3fu4 cayn true true
ihcu cayn true true
1p0f 6l4q true true
bjsw 6pg4 true true
jaa5 6l4q false false
5cpp 33by true false
8vu1 33by false false
gz7v czlr false false
42k cayn true true
cy8q 6pg4 false false
hgcx cayn false true
gony 7t4x true true
f00 czlr false false
k3ig 6l4q true true
66e7 6pg4 true true
hkbx 6pg4 false true
4op6 cayn false true
ucb cpcg false false
jewe cpcg true false
kxro fa8y true false
gr1g 6pg4 true false
66p4 czlr true true
5ltn inug true true
e1jb czlr false false
a8c jvb8 true false
gnax 33by true true
2l6l 6rub false false
kmaj 7t4x false false
hdav cpcg false true
k7ed hl7s true false
6huh 86f9 true false
cftu czlr false true
k10 hl7s false false
7pcu 33by true false
4pt2 86f9 false false
2t15 czlr true true
1g06 8gnt false false
4pxb 6pg4 false true
bkf3 cayn true false
3j8a cpcg false false
adw3 cayn true false
hm67 czlr true false
c1jz gcdx true true
jdr4 girt true true
492t cayn false true
11m0 cpcg true true
2uf3 czlr true false
3rw1 czlr true true
6l72 6l4q false false
aza1 cayn true false
8qzl 33by false true
jc0y czlr true true
ayyk cpcg true true
jyk4 czlr true true
geel cpcg false false
84t1 33by true true
8q4r czlr true false
19qs 7t4x false false
9xxb 6l4q false true
75qu cayn false true
iuvn 6pg4 false false
d57p 33by true false
fc31 8gnt false true
f71x czlr true true
21us jvb8 true true
hz1z cayn true true
2y3b 33by true true
5k7m 33by true true
egss kthw true false
5ux2 czlr false true
9abt cayn false true
8f95 inug false true
91tw 86f9 true true
atpu 8gnt true true
iu0y 6rub true true
7gwg cayn false true
5tne 60fb false false
5bdm 6pg4 true true
25wb czlr false true
2jb8 6rub false false
45qr 6l4q false false
fo5t czlr false false
9an0 czlr true false
2qic 6pg4 false false
75ec 6l4q true false
alnk 7t4x true true
7nl3 cayn false true
9xqz cpcg false true
39fe cayn false false
foka 6pg4 false true
ghum cayn true false
4qw5 7t4x false true
64fu cayn true false
b94x cayn true false
4y1v 7t4x false false
2rjz cayn false false
3ni4 czlr false true
aucl 7t4x false true
fmd3 cpcg false false
imna cpcg true true
6j8x gcdx false true
18lj czlr false true
fy8f 6l4q false false
fjco 6l4q false true
alp 6rub true true
juy6 6pg4 true false
gmn8 czlr false true
2g1x cpcg true false
fyqq 6pg4 false true
a7ht cpcg true true
ablr cayn false true
f97s 33by true false
eiwi 6rub false false
e1ug 86f9 true false
3v11 czlr false false
5uvh 7t4x true false
cvz2 cayn true true
bpzy czlr true true
82im cpcg false true
brre 8gnt true true
i1wr 60fb true true
2f6n 7t4x false true
sl6 6l4q true false
3fyk 7t4x true false
9snq 33by false false
3hr7 czlr true true
c12n czlr true false
itrb 86f9 false false
7ev1 czlr false true
5xoy czlr true false
9dsg 6l4q false false
dvsh cayn false true
2g7m cayn false true
9glh czlr true false
3zzq 60fb false false
80lx 6pg4 false true
hses czlr false true
6327 33by true true
fo4v 8gnt true false
3gmo 7t4x false true
dkle cpcg false true
f8q7 7t4x true true
5aop cayn true true
d21j czlr true false
4ien gms2 true false
48v5 33by true true
intg 8gnt false true
bd8h cayn false true
5stv czlr true true
koua cpcg true false
38nm cpcg true false
c3f3 cayn false true
az2j 6pg4 false false
dfa cpcg false true
4qi4 cayn false true
al2n cayn false false
kqvz 7t4x true false
dup7 86f9 true true
90hh cayn true false
2m41 cayn true false
9w9l 8gnt true true
1kgr 6l4q false false
azog 86f9 true true
3y3z cayn true true
aulp 6l4q true false
hxvz cayn false true
f0g6 8gnt true true
l7kp cayn false true
gf9u cayn false true
3i0r cayn false true
feu5 cayn false true
83kc czlr true false
fvbp 86f9 true true
jljx czlr true false
jgdc czlr false true
k2aa 6pg4 false true
816f 6pg4 false false
8mk8 czlr false true
33qe cpcg false true
370l czlr true true
dtqj 6pg4 true true
5fav cayn false false
3h1y 6pg4 true false
lczu czlr true true
lbb2 86f9 false true
anz0 cayn false true
4jrl cpcg true true
6m5o czlr true true
g1ak czlr false false
6sq6 cayn true false
8q78 33by false true
f22c czlr false false
1bw3 cpcg true false
k7qv 60fb true true
7lsc 6pg4 false false
a2mi czlr true false
hwim 6pg4 true true
6ovv cayn false true
800x czlr false false
gobe 60fb true true
j5sc hl7s false true
e4dn czlr false false
6iu axsj false true
gjn6 cpcg false true
7agl cayn true true
2wvn 6l4q true true
i8qb cayn true true
9mzk cayn true true
g6sx 6rub true false
5isf cayn false true
l0eq 33by true true
ahux kthw false false
648y cpcg false false
kq6y 6pg4 false true
e44t cayn true false
4z7v 6pg4 false true
7y02 czlr true false
12us cayn true true
a1e1 czlr true false
3r7o cpcg true false
3agw 6rub false false
cdyk czlr false true
b5ra 6rub false false
jaxe 60fb true true
kiyv 33by true false
41dl 6pg4 false true
3tbl czlr true false
7kki cayn false false
d58g 33by false false
60ec 60fb true true
9ch1 8gnt false false
ivp3 kthw true false
gcly czlr false false
2ii4 6rub false false
f3hi kthw false false
j1yo 6pg4 false false
5qyk 6rub false false
fjc6 czlr true true
gtyp 86f9 false false
f6zp czlr true true
g7ae czlr true true
8ze3 cayn true true
kifg czlr true true
9q4w 8gnt true false
ivee 7t4x true false
8tge czlr false false
78pz czlr false false
2r97 cayn true false
gbaj cpcg false true
fb19 33by true true
7twc 6pg4 true true
66cw cayn false true
sg5 cayn true true
4wc3 cayn false false
84dp czlr false false
9a81 czlr true true
76p cayn false true
fpq8 6pg4 true false
20zl 33by false true
cvg czlr true false
7tmx 8gnt false true
4c4q cpcg false false
9v2f 7t4x true false
g2y8 cayn true true
4uo7 cayn true true
j595 8gnt false false
5egs 6rub false true
g4c6 cayn false true
ct94 czlr true false
gxm1 cpcg true true
faz7 86f9 false false
g6wi 33by false true
i7af cayn false true
g8wr czlr true false
kje4 cayn true true
ig2c 33by true true
j7u0 cayn false false
ebll czlr false false
c7hu 6pg4 false true
y8w 6l4q false false
cv41 6pg4 true false
sla cpcg false true
3z1s cayn false false
2s7l 6rub false false
an09 jqeh false true
eho8 86f9 false false
5vhf cayn false false
hpau cayn false true
3gwb czlr false false
k0ak 6rub true true
due4 6l4q false false
lagm cayn false false
2uf1 jvb8 false false
dg36 cpcg false false
jnnt inug true false
eeqt 6pg4 true true
3qi 6pg4 false true
3ibq 60fb false true
l8eb czlr false false
umr czlr false false
auxl 6l4q false false
8rkl axsj false false
gsho 6pg4 true true
5jix czlr false false
9cg7 cayn true true
b93p cayn false false
9e9x cayn true false
o6y 6pg4 false true
9g19 cayn false false
cz0p cpcg true false
5gve inug true true
8w2w 3ndk true true
5fqf czlr false false
4oz7 czlr true true
23sn 33by false true
ht0i 6pg4 true true
d14j 6pg4 true true
5j8z inug true true
cq1x 6pg4 true true
9nj3 7t4x false false
ewfk cpcg true false
d2oh czlr true false
dof czlr false true
2vqr cayn true false
gdgv axsj true false
i4w7 czlr true true
3x7b cayn true true
cz59 cayn true true
7nzo 8gnt false true
4njj cayn false false
gozv 6pg4 true true
95fq 6pg4 false false
ia9k 60fb true true
ir2f 7t4x true false
34wv 7t4x false false
i4 6pg4 true true
izdz 8gnt true false
5avd 6rub false false
h8nj czlr false false
eu8p cayn false true
71ar 6pg4 false true
20d8 czlr true true
klgm 33by true true
9x59 czlr true false
1dhl czlr true false
i6fd gcdx false false
kgzp cayn false false
8sj1 czlr true true
hx2v 8gnt true false
9zs5 6pg4 true true
gmt4 czlr false true
cmix 6pg4 false false
gvsc cayn false false
ifc9 czlr false false
dhqc 6l4q false true
d24x 7t4x false false
1d1z 6rub false false
agkt 60fb true false
jehc 33by false true
bsqh 6pg4 false false
efs hl7s true false
arsl hl7s true true
g8t cpcg true false
177r czlr true false
joo3 6pg4 false false
jk12 czlr false true
bmpv czlr true true
1c5x cayn false false
8zw1 czlr false true
3d6e 7t4x false false
3iay 7t4x false true
9f2s 6pg4 true false
48ye 7t4x true false
kkd1 60fb false true
hn31 33by true false
1xdz 33by true true
8m57 6rub false true
2b9i kthw true false
4478 czlr true true
5r0v cayn true true
2n83 czlr false false
839d cayn true false
elwv cpcg true true
uau 6pg4 false false
k5k1 kthw true false
ewbv czlr false false
b8hw czlr false false
507w cayn false true
5doj 33by false false
80y9 8gnt true true
7cy 33by false true
l703 czlr true false
918j 86f9 false true
h1i9 gcdx false false
frd8 cpcg true false
e5tw 7t4x false true
9pro 33by true true
b7zj 33by false false
djt3 cayn true false
2c8c 33by false true
1nvy cayn false true
824p 33by false false
eh3u 6pg4 false false
a8x4 33by true false
63zl 60fb false false
hgv1 czlr false true
2oaw kthw false true
18bn 6pg4 true true
kq7m czlr false false
kec 86f9 true true
1zmw 6pg4 false false
21xd 33by true false
js8k 33by true true
24nv 6rub false true
685f czlr false true
3j30 czlr true true
h0x6 czlr false true
kq1k cayn true true
ivvw cpcg true false
bwe2 cayn true false
2f7r czlr true false
fuar eonr true true
edgw czlr true true
265j czlr true true
j9gv cayn false false
561x czlr true true
dc7p cayn true false
8mtc czlr true false
jev5 cayn true false
98gn 6l4q true true
gysv cayn true false
df9l cpcg true true
dlee 6l4q true false
8she cayn false false
amuu 6pg4 false true
f01k czlr true true
c3h1 czlr true true
dam5 czlr false false
g04o cpcg false true
jxet aef8 true true
l83v cpcg false true
kvhl cayn true false
15be 6pg4 true false
irpp czlr false true
ihqn cayn false false
3npv czlr false false
7hjp czlr true false
1xyi 6rub true true
eguu jqeh false true
2rh5 czlr true true
6e45 7t4x false false
1sv1 6rub true false
jrr1 czlr true false
4xyn 6pg4 false false
h5pn 6rub false true
913m czlr true false
g2jj 8gnt true false
i4ka czlr true false
50cf 60fb true true
dvdx czlr false false
47eq czlr true true
gdzt czlr true true
cuse 86f9 true false
55v6 czlr false false
9dlc 33by false true
3pew 1rvg true false
jpjk jqeh false false
kjhe cpcg false true
8jyv 6pg4 true false
7qy9 7t4x false true
hoti 8gnt false false
3rha inug false true
bq95 cayn false false
5rzo czlr true false
buc 6pg4 true true
htwt 6pg4 false true
ccyz 7t4x true false
e13s 6pg4 true true
e10m jvb8 true false
ehgw 86f9 false false
a31r 8gnt true false
g3cm 6pg4 false false
ad9t czlr false false
9vfz czlr false false
a510 33by true false
d4ov 8gnt false false
69xf cayn true true
78sh cpcg true false
jml7 girt false true
7nar czlr true true
eysi cayn false true
84a5 czlr true true
f8zl 33by false false
45zo 33by true true
borz 6pg4 true true
68h5 82wq true false
ctpj 7t4x false false
8f13 6rub true true
k6j3 cayn false false
3buu 7t4x false false
vwm axsj false false
g6py 33by false true
5v7j 7t4x false true
hqdx 33by true true
ivf7 7t4x false true
4tan 7t4x true true
ct3m cpcg false false
bpgm cayn true false
d9vn 86f9 false false
a1el 7t4x false false
d015 cpcg false true
g8lf 86f9 true true
jzq9 cayn true true
9y2e cayn true false
hwpg czlr false true
4yhp 33by false false
d0t3 cpcg true true
659m czlr false true
dbhh cayn false true
5g35 kthw true true
dg0a axsj false true
75gm axsj false false
9dv4 86f9 true false
aw3a cayn true false
garn cayn false false
fkz1 czlr true false
9nul gcdx false true
94t3 cayn false false
29t1 6l4q true true
877w czlr false false
4mcq czlr true true
hh0h czlr false true
ks9d czlr true true
iygq jvb8 true false
3ju1 6pg4 true false
lcb9 8gnt false false
c1s8 cpcg true true
8a14 6pg4 true false
dd2d 6rub true false
d7ti 6l4q false false
3kej cayn false true
8l1t czlr false false
a5qc czlr false true
ausf cayn false false
jbmu hl7s false false
bvbz czlr false false
fqmn czlr false false
49kp czlr true true
33qz cpcg false true
czn9 czlr true false
bb58 8gnt false false
7d0y 6pg4 false true
6v7c 60fb true false
cxqb 60fb true false
5k4p 6pg4 false false
diq5 6pg4 false true
46k6 czlr false true
7cq0 czlr false true
25ix 6rub false false
jtcp czlr true true
kp0f 6rub false false
etot cpcg true true
cpmb 7t4x false false
af6w cpcg true true
fjhm 6pg4 true true
5tg5 gcdx false false
4a4n 7t4x false false
2e39 8gnt false false
60oq cayn true true
dhtg 7t4x true false
wcr axsj false false
l0re cpcg true true
2d7w 6rub true false
211l 33by false true
ghvd 33by false false
7roc cpcg true false
d300 czlr true false
av2h cayn true false
dqr3 6pg4 false true
285d 33by false true
bp2p 6rub false false
clte cayn false false
33vt cayn false true
6oj6 6pg4 false false
g2ds cpcg false false
f23x 33by false false
h1ib czlr false true
5zms cayn true false
kyl8 cpcg false true
ga5u cpcg false false
fzfq czlr true false
fm94 cpcg false false
ajae cpcg false false
2qwg 33by true false
dqm7 czlr true true
36z4 czlr true false
kxpe cpcg true true
kisz cpcg true true
7rus cpcg true false
57l cayn false false
jv1x 33by true true
6vp5 6pg4 false false
g4ma 6l4q false false
5xt4 6rub false true
d7bk 7t4x true false
gqrt 82wq false true
c2eb 86f9 false false
cx79 6pg4 true true
1e63 cpcg true true
8rb2 cayn true false
9s0l 6pg4 true false
f2za cayn false true
237k 8gnt true false
aj4n 33by false false
3i1i 7t4x true false
dd4o 33by false true
i982 8gnt false true
k3xg 6pg4 false false
d2bs axsj false false
bo60 7t4x false false
6i6i czlr false true
arwa czlr false true
1wu8 axsj true false
60mh czlr true true
fgpr czlr false false
2csx axsj true true
aqkk 6pg4 false false
g4vf 7t4x true true
ld7t czlr false false
2eci 6pg4 false false
bbp7 czlr false true
90dk 7t4x true true
i4bp 6l4q false false
bcoc 6rub false false
7vs4 86f9 false false
1bwg czlr false true
ehyf cpcg false true
fszo 6pg4 true true
8ie3 6l4q true false
36u7 czlr true true
io35 33by false true
84k8 33by false false
4dvg 33by false false
bx9l cpcg true true
h4g0 6pg4 false false
3bfv 8gnt true true
979d 6pg4 false false
3csk cayn true false
ac98 33by false false
73xk cayn true true
iwlz 6rub false false
57mz czlr false false
3w7h czlr true true
98wb 8gnt false false
via 6pg4 true true
dy7h czlr true true
1xim 86f9 true true
i99k czlr false true
avn czlr false true
162b 60fb false false
igti 7t4x true false
4p26 cayn false true
7g74 cayn true true
5n5i cpcg true true
5p 6pg4 false false
ak9i cpcg true true
2l3t czlr false true
lfaj 6rub true true
62f1 7t4x false false
bkn1 6pg4 false true
juch czlr true false
8e4j 86f9 true true
kb8r hl7s true false
4j3s 6pg4 true false
k0k2 33by true false
gv5y 6pg4 true true
71e5 czlr false false
13lk 6rub false false
bk9s 7t4x false false
izkl 7t4x true false
7y9h axsj true true
41h0 cayn true false
eojl czlr true true
hy2p cayn false false
46ka 6pg4 true false
cjtx 8gnt true true
esof cayn true true
3xrq cayn false false
h02c czlr false false
j8gl 8gnt true false
hiyv cayn false true
kc2w 6pg4 false false
5mu5 6pg4 true true
36im czlr true true
9ntv 6l4q false true
abbn 33by false true
7qlv cpcg true false
5oao czlr true false
5n59 7t4x true true
cshw 7t4x true true
bs7a czlr true false
7qry 6pg4 true true
a778 7t4x false false
13yf 6pg4 false false
crhe cpcg true false
8ckx 6pg4 false false
c5ob 86f9 true true
kwdn cdfy true true
b0nu czlr true true
fhit 33by true true
99ju 6l4q true true
it4z czlr true true
ish9 cayn true false
656o 7t4x true true
68hf czlr true true
kgfj 6l4q true false
jmot 6rub false true
by22 6pg4 false false
g1w7 cpcg false false
i2c2 axsj false false
l3az 7t4x true true
4lfi cayn true true
1dnb cayn false false
c1ne cpcg false false
7mro czlr false false
12pq cayn true false
ge5m 33by true true
begv cayn true false
7t7i 7t4x true false
bpr2 6rub false true
enym axsj true true
3hoq 6pg4 false true
iqmr 6rub false true
14sa czlr false true
qqd 6pg4 false false
dv7s czlr false true
252r cayn true true
89pt cpcg true true
1q7j 6pg4 false false
7f czlr false false
dozu 8gnt true false
jew0 cayn false true
75la 86f9 false false
2b38 6pg4 false true
4qtv axsj false false
d93b cpcg true false
ds1n hl7s true true
krc1 cpcg false false
8prq cayn true true
4h0z 86f9 false true
3670 cayn true true
dw7t cayn false false
ez87 czlr true false
9pyr jqeh false false
geot czlr false false
8rp0 cayn true false
6zaf czlr true true
as7p 6pg4 true true
i9hl czlr false false
1m7i czlr false false
7q1j czlr false true
1xoi 33by false true
csfg cayn true true
dl55 cpcg true false
ckm0 6pg4 true true
kodl 6pg4 true true
fkui cayn false true
96hy 33by true false
1cju 6rub true true
5jvs 6pg4 false false
cxfu cayn false false
24k5 60fb false false
20g9 8gnt true false
5q89 czlr false true
frlo 6l4q false true
94kw 6l4q false false
1kgr 6rub true true
8bz8 cayn true true
7x05 7t4x false false
equ0 60fb true false
7pnm czlr false true
idlu cayn true true
1x9d cayn true false
4pj6 czlr true false
kibp cpcg false false
2a9c cayn true false
iulf 7t4x false false
8135 cayn true true
f6yp cayn false true
gqfd 7t4x true false
b7ll czlr true true
izuu 33by false true
a851 kthw false true
c53k 6pg4 false false
498a cpcg true false
934h 86f9 true false
9m0w czlr false true
jy0k 6l4q true false
jpl7 cpcg false true
6jm4 6pg4 true false
c8x4 60fb false true
7zd9 6rub true false
gys6 cayn true true
15rz cayn false false
ku8r czlr true true
gp8h 6pg4 true true
elki czlr true false
aewr 7t4x true true
aovw 6pg4 true true
7fre cayn true false
dnsw 6rub false true
g6tn 6pg4 true false
hs4t 6pg4 false false
33r0 czlr false false
5aol czlr true true
hlat 6l4q true true
dcgp 6pg4 true false
62k9 86f9 false false
hg2r 7t4x false false
l5qp 86f9 false true
iha3 cayn true true
7jhz 6pg4 false true
1uvv czlr false true
8h91 czlr false false
3gi9 cayn true false
9dc4 6pg4 false true
jd37 czlr true false
7ca3 czlr true false
1nk2 7t4x false true
ccpw 60fb false true
7y4j 33by true false
gp24 cayn true true
2m2h czlr false true
6xpv cayn false true
8vr7 33by true false
3jtc cayn true true
f5ii 33by true true
5l67 6rub true false
1dfc cpcg false true
ku8h cayn false false
hx8f cpcg true false
4uy0 czlr true true
3nj5 czlr false true
ksb1 6l4q false true
fzaf czlr true true
3qtg 33by true false
9fxl 86f9 true true
842w 60fb true false
fd1i 60fb true true
f0qv czlr false true
1235 cayn false true
h7ve 6rub false true
7djk 8gnt false true
k5wf 6pg4 true false
9rjr 7t4x true true
htrs cpcg true false
dry5 6pg4 true true
j9ag czlr false true
juza 7t4x false true
jlxp czlr false true
5yht 6pg4 false true
alx3 czlr true true
70xv czlr false true
g0pc cpcg true false
yyr 6rub true false
dtvn cayn false true
i2wl 6pg4 false true
3cd cpcg false false
e7oy 86f9 false true
gyam cpcg false false
bbjl cayn true true
69tw 7t4x false true
lbf1 6pg4 true true
lcz7 cpcg true true
b4v6 cayn false false
bdb czlr false true
lanq girt true false
5n40 33by true false
f63e cpcg false true
ehie czlr true false
2mkg 6pg4 true false
63oz cpcg true false
6y7p 33by false true
6bg8 6l4q false false
9wkc czlr false false
6z3c 8gnt false true
9ai6 cpcg true true
fz0u czlr true true
9v07 6pg4 false true
cbif czlr true false
cfr9 8gnt true true
ajbe cpcg false false
8l2a cayn false true
bmmv 6rub true true
7c69 czlr true false
6ila 33by true true
6olu cayn false false
kpfz cpcg true false
1lmn czlr false false
2k8d a7p2 false true
jirt czlr true false
12k3 czlr false false
bn22 czlr true true
ffuy cayn true false
8pcq czlr true true
ifi1 86f9 false false
bke cpcg false true
9th9 cayn true true
9cm3 33by true true
del9 33by false false
hk27 cpcg false false
8vmm cayn true true
49j cpcg false false
hn4r cayn false true
ohk czlr false false
bpsh 7t4x true true
ewb1 czlr true true
9o47 kthw false true
4d3n cpcg false false
93gx cayn true true
k58d czlr true false
2yku 6rub true false
dudu czlr true true
44ya 6rub true true
e3fz czlr true false
jslj jvb8 true true
l4vd cayn true false
jpox cpcg false false
9r4e 6rub true true
i2xx cayn true false
3p3o 8gnt true true
39ih 33by false false
behr 86f9 true false
lc4m 82wq true false
b39q czlr true true
4end 7t4x false false
1g12 czlr true true
k1f9 86f9 true true
c7bz 60fb true false
jsj4 cayn true false
1ec3 6rub false false
7byy 86f9 true false
8evs cpcg false false
d2q2 czlr false false
alrf girt true true
1ubj 60fb false false
is3g hl7s false false
gn1m cayn false true
hmap cpcg true false
kmxf cayn false true
5s9g 8gnt false true
gfvy czlr true true
j8c9 czlr true false
jj83 czlr true true
2irb cayn false false
gc7s czlr false false
k1cd 6l4q true true
iu6s czlr false false
j1qp 6rub false false
6bo0 hl7s true true
279l cayn false false
bsqt cpcg true true
cwh3 czlr true false
48i czlr false true
bn7o cpcg false true
iflk 6l4q true false
l3x1 82wq false true
bqr cayn false false
g9tz czlr true false
4gt cpcg false false
bw3d 6rub false false
a7qh cayn true true
jdpv cayn true false
31io 6rub false false
ewf9 86f9 true false
ii9h 33by false true
it5q axsj false true
ho1l 7t4x true true
3r5e cpcg false true
3a0u czlr true false
bbgq czlr false false
biux 33by false true
9hz0 60fb true true
b5rc 8gnt false true
4xf cayn false false
jipl cpcg false false
7tfr cpcg true true
43oj 7t4x false false
83ul cayn false false
bihj 6rub true false
lww czlr true true
it5z czlr false true
axbf 6pg4 false true
c49x cpcg false false
a1sh cayn false false
foji 6pg4 false true
ia3j 33by false false
lbsb 6pg4 true false
h863 cayn true true
4o89 60fb false true
3jmo czlr false true
bhul cayn false true
d54i czlr false false
2elx czlr true false
h4zm cayn false false
f0sr axsj true false
i5fl cayn false false
b5d1 33by true true
28b4 cpcg true false
keyw 8gnt true false
3h47 czlr false false
ezme 6pg4 true false
iusq cpcg false true
bif0 6pg4 false false
gh9e 6l4q false false
2ce9 cayn false false
in34 33by true true
ldu4 7t4x false false
dp3z 33by true false
2ym1 6pg4 false false
l3qw czlr false true
3nxq 6pg4 false false
jl24 6pg4 false false
i178 cpcg false true
euxb czlr false false
8gz2 cayn false true
6jto czlr true false
bj50 6rub false true
fj88 czlr false false
3wtx cayn true true
8w8d 6pg4 false false
cmho jvb8 true false
jpug cayn true true
jbew cpcg false false
1sxb 6pg4 true true
kmao 6pg4 true true
c8bx 33by true false
k8e7 6pg4 false true
e98g girt true false
4281 60fb true false
6p6l 6pg4 true false
cln6 czlr true false
hhje cayn false true
h6f0 czlr false false
3x9e cpcg false false
9zbo 33by false false
8zb2 kthw false false
avz4 cayn true false
20jv 6rub true true
f8z8 6rub true false
jhhw 6rub false false
9ii7 6rub true false
i3v4 6rub false true
532r cpcg true true
ik7f czlr false true
2nze 8gnt false false
j97d cayn true true
gvan 7t4x false false
f0zg czlr false false
5ayp czlr true true
jde8 gcdx true true
cz9u czlr true false
29l5 6pg4 true false
jbp2 6l4q false true
8y8y cpcg false false
guo7 cayn false true
inte jqeh true true
ahm7 cpcg false true
1yuo czlr true true
kn2j 8gnt false true
8x04 6pg4 false true
kkr6 33by true false
jymv 86f9 false true
11rh hl7s false true
cf6s cayn true false
h8z0 czlr false false
kw2y czlr true false
6cwv girt true false
domo czlr true false
kch0 cpcg true true
kjzb czlr false false
d29i cayn true false
afl1 cpcg true false
1ogc 8gnt true false
9ebc 6pg4 false false
es5k cpcg false false
dwpc cpcg false true
6on2 7t4x true true
dwd7 cpcg true true
5wol czlr false false
832v 8gnt false false
7i3p 7t4x true true
kkfn cayn false true
18x4 6pg4 false true
3hr6 cayn false true
3ohd cayn true true
2mu6 kthw true true
bsqi czlr true false
k7ye czlr true true
3prp czlr true false
4dl4 7t4x false true
emmn 6pg4 true true
i0y9 cpcg false true
6bes 33by true true
cumt 8gnt true false
2nj8 7t4x true true
gjtc cayn true false
3vfb kthw true true
gbyc 6rub false false
6kis czlr true false
vhg 33by true true
iswq 8gnt true false
53yn czlr false false
gymr 33by false false
8nnc czlr true false
busj 8gnt true true
31tc 7t4x true true
7x2g 6l4q true true
g4bj 86f9 true false
tjd jvb8 false false
gjte 6rub false false
it4v cayn false true
ahkn czlr false true
z1z 1rvg true true
jsp3 6pg4 true true
jqau 7t4x true true
7mb6 60fb false false
597z 6l4q false false
40r2 7t4x true true
euem 8gnt false false
ahgn kthw true true
5zar 86f9 true false
g9no 7t4x false false
44n0 cayn false false
fjs0 czlr true false
86ml cayn false false
yaq 86f9 true false
9au6 czlr false true
8uz8 czlr false false
7jjg cayn false true
1s75 cpcg true false
3awm czlr true true
esap cayn false false
cwha 33by true true
gra0 6rub true true
afn9 cayn false false
a963 cayn true false
duwu 33by true false
cwto 33by true true
hfnd cpcg true true
4syj czlr false false
ddm2 6l4q true true
l3mh cayn true false
4nep czlr false true
1ig9 33by false false
9edj kthw true true
8lp2 czlr true true
4sx7 6pg4 true true
8txi 6pg4 false true
kpzx 60fb false false
3qn6 czlr false true
e5y 86f9 true false
cq6h czlr true false
3i1x cpcg true false
ba0j 6pg4 false true
8l9i czlr true false
1df0 60fb true true
aj0n czlr false false
k69s czlr false true
7l9p hl7s true false
44el 6pg4 false true
5x3e 7t4x true false
5m3u 6l4q true false
1cgb czlr false true
k418 hl7s false true
288f czlr true false
k1jg 6l4q false true
31jd czlr false false
kbey czlr true true
321j 6rub true false
eekh 6pg4 true true
kgu8 cayn false false
21ex czlr true false
dqt9 6rub true true
ephm 7t4x false false
br6w 6rub false false
gkvu 86f9 false true
gwkg 8gnt false false
9gl2 33by false false
9rik jvb8 true false
2oli 86f9 false true
821z cayn true false
9d2f czlr false false
499f cayn false true
2blo 33by true false
klu2 cpcg false true
e29y 33by false false
1e41 6rub false true
iiaa 33by false true
fp2i cpcg false true
8ct1 60fb false true
d608 86f9 true true
cy3v 8gnt false true
c9zi 6l4q false true
50bl 6pg4 true true
jz29 czlr false true
csj9 cayn true true
5m03 cayn true false
bytf 33by false false
fpy9 6pg4 false false
cwog cpcg false false
ffd4 6l4q false false
trj czlr true true
b4sv cayn false true
kqhi czlr false false
286r 33by true true
6y8u 6pg4 true false
apd czlr true true
gjlg axsj true true
6qo8 cayn true true
6tnt cpcg false false
8qc5 czlr true false
dufr 6pg4 true true
308l kthw true true
2kyu kthw false true
67x1 cayn false false
jbke 33by false true
37wm 6rub false true
d95b 6pg4 true false
aaas 6pg4 false true
fc7w 60fb true false
kgpu 60fb true false
e6f1 czlr true true
d38x cayn false false
axnj 6pg4 false false
g1s7 czlr false false
hxq8 cpcg true false
lfk2 cpcg false true
byr4 8gnt true true
ctqx cayn true true
45xz cpcg false true
1srh gcdx false true
k5qk kthw false false
f715 cpcg false false
ffed czlr false true
kfv7 6pg4 true false
hna4 6pg4 false true
dmaa cpcg false false
d0y9 czlr true false
4ue1 cpcg false false
3lxy girt false true
ld7s 6rub true true
gn7k 6rub false false
707w cayn false true
gguv hl7s false false
8u5 cpcg true false
cyvg kthw true true
alr1 cayn true true
859r cayn true false
jxno czlr false false
4uzf 86f9 true false
27rq czlr false false
f1iu 33by false true
b3j7 8gnt false false
bi5l cayn false true
7cqf 33by true true
j2d1 cpcg true true
eitf 6rub true true
1qsl cayn false false
gnoy cayn false true
67o9 cayn false false
2o13 8gnt false false
2hmt cayn true true
ajif czlr false true
eb5d 6pg4 false false
izhj kthw true false
js51 86f9 true false
9cp6 cayn false true
53p2 33by true true
5zxs cayn true false
ffad cpcg true true
15v1 cayn false true
colc 6pg4 false false
ewq1 6l4q true true
iuan 6pg4 false true
6v8w 6pg4 true false
ikfi 7t4x false false
bus0 86f9 false false
bn4w cayn false false
kapf gcdx true true
l2dl czlr false true
4t18 czlr false false
562u czlr false false
7d8j czlr false true
buy9 8gnt false false
juds cayn true true
4g8u cpcg false false
8jn5 7t4x true false
4ibh 6pg4 true false
djpo czlr false true
11lx 60fb true true
383a cpcg true false
k7y0 cpcg true false
acrz 6l4q true true
16u6 cayn true false
4i6v 6pg4 false false
4ucp 6pg4 false false
2vjv cayn false false
c5og by42 false true
f5i8 7t4x false true
3oas 33by false true
186f hl7s false true
9cpa 33by true false
g35c 7t4x true false
8xpd 60fb false false
hp2x cpcg false false
igs3 6pg4 false false
7v08 60fb false false
hbi3 czlr false false
2ynf 6pg4 false true
d431 33by true true
h1n7 kthw false false
9ocn 6rub true false
d0b7 6l4q true false
g30b 7t4x true true
j8cd 6l4q true true
2qmm 60fb true false
de6l 6l4q true false
4kl6 czlr false false
3eu1 cayn true true
f7fn cpcg true true
1wxu 7t4x false true
e4hq czlr true false
j20e czlr false true
j67o girt false true
4kom czlr false true
h3th 33by false true
c59o 6l4q false false
dmd9 86f9 false true
a5uw 6l4q false true
2ims cayn true false
8nld cayn true false
8gm4 cpcg true false
79t5 czlr true false
44uq kthw true false
a8t9 czlr false true
cg7j cayn true true
1f6x 33by false false
iac8 6rub true true
f30l 6pg4 true true
bycy 7t4x true false
8ylm girt false true
6x7 8gnt false false
iy0d 7t4x false true
7smq cayn true true
2tum czlr false false
i54m 60fb true true
dr14 cayn true false
a6o6 cayn true false
gjxd czlr true true
lbxi gcdx true true
8039 czlr false true
2dtd 33by false false
k20q 7t4x false true
gvlk 6pg4 false false
3ydl cpcg false false
d7an 33by false true
9ohq 6pg4 false true
2jy cayn false true
dpo3 6l4q true false
370f 8gnt false false
dz0h 33by true false
uib cayn false false
2mkx 6pg4 true false
iun3 czlr false true
ci8o 7t4x false false
cgwg 6pg4 true true
jku3 6rub false false
hotf czlr false false
40w5 cayn true false
ah29 cayn false false
kl3m 60fb true false
a79v 6pg4 false false
1gwx czlr true true
6ou4 czlr false false
1wg3 cpcg false false
f6a9 cpcg true false
anb8 jqeh false true
56c0 8gnt false true
41w1 czlr false false
1ysp 7t4x false true
18ml czlr true true
f2f9 cayn true false
e4qq 86f9 false true
ire9 6l4q true false
7c6n czlr true true
ceis 6pg4 true true
7afi cayn true true
6b9g cpcg true true
3f7z aef8 true false
29sk 6pg4 true true
9ob9 6pg4 true false
lf2c 60fb true true
d6wv cayn false false
dof5 6pg4 false false
7pkf 33by false true
7efq cpcg true true
fn4g cpcg true false
erdf czlr true true
2yps 6pg4 true true
6k2f 6l4q false true
bdyd hl7s true true
8cpn 6rub true false
2rix 86f9 true false
8ekx 7t4x false true
l1aj 6pg4 false false
4arj cpcg false true
7ddl cayn true false
hgax 6rub true false
518u 33by false false
7ige 86f9 true false
886v cpcg false false
hxhy cpcg true false
c367 cayn false false
4w7x cayn false false
dj5o 6pg4 true false
gway cpcg false false
20eb cayn true true
ewbh czlr true true
67f1 7t4x false true
8ohh 33by true true
hm1e czlr false false
daep 7t4x true true
2822 7t4x false true
9oy7 aef8 true true
avah czlr false false
22 7t4x false true
h50o 6pg4 false true
7x0w 6l4q false false
a5ce cpcg false false
8uxu 33by false true
8f5r 6rub true true
3r7i cpcg false true
dhxm czlr true false
2ryl czlr false true
8dko czlr true true
41p3 cayn true true
9eix 33by false true
i52z 7t4x false false
6y15 6rub true false
8xaj cayn false true
ey2c 7t4x false true
8rov cayn false true
g8qu 6pg4 true false
9xqs 33by true true
joh6 8gnt false false
4pb3 6pg4 true false
9rkj cayn false true
3ug0 6pg4 false false
7st4 7t4x true true
3ue 8gnt true false
721y czlr false false
f2ux czlr true false
gpxv czlr false false
esku cpcg true false
86wv cpcg true true
3l0 cayn false true
1vxq cpcg true false
guze 6pg4 true false
5jdz czlr true false
gxk5 6pg4 false false
7mdr 6l4q false false
ddim cpcg true false
co4 cpcg false true
go9w 6pg4 false true
6mly cpcg true false
3f4v jvb8 false false
jzhx 6l4q true false
b2na cayn true false
c79l 6pg4 false false
8qv2 kthw false true
koqj 82wq true false
j1n7 czlr false false
qxz cpcg true true
el5l 6pg4 true false
51p6 8gnt true true
tpc cayn true false
ga8j hl7s true true
hwr6 6pg4 true false
im26 czlr false true
9kf0 6l4q true false
8taj czlr false false
cqw2 7t4x false true
4rtg 7t4x true true
he3 ais true true
9bzj 60fb true false
fy9 6pg4 false true
cnxk cayn false false
g4wg 6pg4 true false
7fxt cpcg false true
bf8m 6pg4 true true
gggv czlr false true
btmy girt true true
hryo czlr true false
crp1 czlr false false
jpgk cayn false false
2zis 6pg4 true false
gjs5 axsj true false
ga3d cpcg false false
3sm9 czlr true false
9bon czlr true false
71m2 jqeh false true
2rhs cpcg false true
g0y1 czlr true true
h5hj 33by true false
6nm8 cayn false true
106g 6l4q true false
7e6e 8gnt false true
jaqb czlr false true
jbof 6pg4 true false
h9fq 6pg4 true false
id7e 6pg4 true false
cch5 cayn false false
80zy 6l4q false true
kv8j 6rub true true
abru czlr false false
jdui 7t4x true true
ifqx cayn true false
uio czlr false true
a7mp 6pg4 true true
3stu czlr false false
gdla cpcg false false
8sl4 8gnt false false
f8cv 6pg4 false false
8hf1 6pg4 true false
8h2t 6rub false false
gd0i 6l4q true true
1gvx 6pg4 false false
eb8 7t4x false false
5z0f 86f9 false true
68v9 cayn true false
6a8w cpcg false false
2d8n cayn true true
6hlv 6l4q false true
1qz1 cpcg false true
hstl 33by true true
3pif 8gnt false false
cjg8 7t4x true false
bb3h 6rub false true
8twf 6pg4 true true
2pz7 6l4q true false
an68 6pg4 true false
eei6 6rub true true
afl0 86f9 true false
14tr czlr false false
7st5 33by false false
l3bg 33by true true
dyt3 cpcg false false
7bj0 cayn true true
7w1t 6rub false true
jqk1 cayn true true
3941 jvb8 true true
2twv czlr false false
ef44 czlr true true
efjq cayn false true
53qf gcdx true true
jncl 7t4x false true
du9k cpcg true false
hahu 6pg4 true true
kh73 hl7s false true
akj8 33by false false
8zvx czlr true true
5jzh 86f9 true true
4ewd czlr false true
f3ni cpcg false false
eyl8 hl7s false true
3g05 cayn false true
cd17 6pg4 false false
kc4y cpcg false false
hsk czlr false true
4jtz 6l4q true false
gj1t 33by false false
l1az cpcg false true
8wfm 8gnt false false
g8jc 6l4q true false
8451 cayn false true
a2sq czlr false false
2c1l czlr true true
fgw6 6pg4 true true
idk5 7t4x true true
8r4y cpcg false false
93zi cayn false false
g0hk 6pg4 false true
a8gc czlr true false
joqk cpcg true true
3p9u 6l4q true false
la8a cpcg true false
fevp cayn true true
cgy girt true false
baoi 7t4x false false
7wl4 czlr true false
8egj cayn true true
ap92 6pg4 false false
cvqq 7t4x true true
1hou cpcg false false
a0wm axsj true false
ess4 czlr true true
2uuv czlr false true
1y0g cpcg false true
7lan 6l4q true false
i70z 7t4x true true
i0sq cpcg false false
9maj czlr false false
dspm czlr false true
cn14 gcdx true true
3bey czlr false false
4t5h cpcg false true
l7c2 cayn false true
fdwi czlr false true
c785 czlr false false
ibsj czlr true true
ssx cpcg false false
jju6 cayn true false
ip0a 7t4x false true
82ll czlr false true
6jh3 czlr true true
3zv1 cpcg false true
33ua axsj true false
4xhg czlr true false
gecp 6rub true false
ar16 czlr true false
332m jvb8 false true
k302 6rub false false
ezs3 czlr false false
665g cpcg true true
hljt inug true false
jwgt cayn false false
3hcd 33by true false
gz0j czlr true true
cv8a 6rub true false
cftt czlr false false
6nqf 33by false false
f6lb cayn true false
24ft 6pg4 false true
bitn czlr false false
8ch6 cpcg true true
iktn 33by false false
avgk czlr true false
etcy 86f9 true false
awi0 4f6w false true
3cua czlr false false
2ygx czlr false false
g8vt czlr false true
bm3f 86f9 false false
9e6p czlr true true
l08u cpcg false false
88l0 6rub true true
22h4 6rub true true
ieml 33by true true
8pi5 cpcg true false
66f6 6pg4 false false
a1du 6pg4 true true
9518 cayn true true
6ck2 cayn true true
93ha czlr true false
d8n2 kthw true true
fdcd 7t4x false true
738b 6pg4 false false
g6lh cayn true false
1ciy 33by true false
lbq4 6l4q false true
4g1d 6pg4 true true
1ov7 6pg4 true true
7fzk 6rub true true
ldob czlr false false
huv0 czlr false true
3v5e 6l4q false false
53c4 cayn false false
xz4 7t4x true false
2xsg cpcg true true
4gwr cayn true false
3lwc 6l4q false false
eihj 8gnt true true
bug2 6pg4 true true
hj2n 6pg4 true true
2tj7 czlr false true
169 czlr false true
iviq czlr true true
1gul 6rub true true
kqr cayn false true
5rv1 cayn false false
ep5b 6pg4 true true
2qcf 7t4x true false
a21s czlr true false
bzzg cpcg true false
9e1m jvb8 true true
6s7v cayn false true
kxvb 6rub true false
1osw czlr false true
3t7y cayn true false
a64n czlr true true
8q1s cayn false true
bun cayn true false
dryv czlr false true
8qdp cpcg false true
57h7 6pg4 false true
kn62 6pg4 false true
9nr9 33by true false
2zy4 6rub true false
dnur axsj true false
e0hc 6pg4 false false
9rdv czlr true false
d58m 6pg4 true true
fk9r czlr false false
bka1 33by false false
6g5i 6pg4 true true
93kt czlr false true
47k9 cpcg false true
7kma 33by true false
a42j 7t4x true false
e8w cpcg false true
94ua 60fb false true
dc5w czlr false false
fa1n 33by false true
dad8 cayn true true
fzlb 6pg4 false false
6170 7t4x false true
cj38 czlr true true
k3hs 6rub false true
eax2 6rub true true
h9zj 6pg4 true true
fv6w 33by false false
an2a cpcg false false
ffsl cayn false false
jvyv cayn false true
kcou 33by true false
e8pi cpcg false true
jpzh czlr true false
c27e 7t4x true false
9lwa 7t4x true true
7k6z czlr true false
1ahk 6rub true true
3qoy czlr false false
il8q 6pg4 false false
c3ob cayn true false
bo8p 6pg4 true true
hvkn cayn true false
535g cpcg true true
3tpt cpcg true false
fhn5 cayn false false
c7th cpcg false true
b2f3 6pg4 true true
19m6 6l4q false true
1gj6 cayn false false
adnr czlr true true
fhkb cayn true false
8ob7 kthw false false
1ei cpcg true false
b4ta 7t4x false true
cwkf cayn true false
dofm czlr true true
8nnq 60fb true true
in1w 6rub true false
EOF
