30
h2af google true false
8sls h2af false true
gyir 8sls true false
e248 gyir true false
8vjf e248 false true
kit8 8vjf true false
7rqu kit8 true true
24pz 7rqu false false
dhem 24pz false false
gih9 dhem false true
aj5w gih9 false true
ipq4 aj5w false false
axax ipq4 false true
6kjq axax false true
cjhc 6kjq false true
9kwt cjhc true false
88y1 9kwt true true
893k 88y1 true true
5cvm 893k true true
4xr5 5cvm true true
5aqj 4xr5 false true
acm4 5aqj true true
bwg3 acm4 false false
2v1q bwg3 true false
emnl 2v1q false true
4y3t emnl false true
dfu2 4y3t false false
ig27 dfu2 true true
9m14 ig27 false true
j60s 9m14 false false
EOF
